counterfeiter from China and Indonesia will bring lot more of these product down to sell on the street of Australia . 	counterfeiter from China and Indonesia will bring much more of these product to market on the street of Australia . 	1
Professor Larson say he do not know whether the boredom percentage now , 21 year later , would be higher or lower . 	Professor Larson say he do not know if boredom percentage now , 21 year later , would be higher or lower . 	2
the hearing focus on Manning 's time in the military brig at Quantico , Virginia 	the hearing center on Manning 's time at Quantico Military Prison , Virginia 	3
my wife , who be bear in Guadalajara and come to the United States legally as a child , remind I that there be friction between Mexicans and Mexican-Americans because Mexicans have a firmer grasp of who they be and mexican-american resent that . 	my wife , who be bear in Guadalajara and come to the United States legally as a child , remind I that there be friction between Mexicans and Mexican Americans because Mexicans have a deeper understanding of who they be and Mexican-Americans who bother they . 	4
Freeman note a increase in `` average Joe '' review of brand on social media site such as YouTube , Twitter and Facebook . 	Freeman note a increase in average `` Joe '' brand survey on social media site such as YouTube , Twitter and Facebook . 	5
Colorado have a more regulated market , so they will be a good guide , say Brian E. Smith , a spokesman for the Washington State Liquor Control Board . 	Colorado have a regulated market , so it will be a good guide , say Brian E. Smith , a spokesman for the Washington State Alcohol Control Board . 	6
you want to talk about hard feeling ? 	you want to talk about bad feeling ? 	7
rather , we goal should be to feel comfortable away from the constant chatter of activity and technology . 	rather , we goal should be to feel comfortable outside the constant chat of activity and technology . 	8
it would be so much easier if he do . 	it would be much easier if he do . 	9
a few of these people will become hero . 	some of these people become hero . 	10
day after the Obama administration threaten to delay approval of a plan oil pipeline from Canada to the Gulf of Mexico -- anger union while appease environmentalist -- the company seek to build the pipeline say it be willing to reroute the project to get it back on track . 	day after the Obama administration threaten to delay approval of a oil pipeline from Canada to the Gulf of Mexico - it irritate union and appease environmentalist - the company intend to build the pipeline say it be willing to reroute the project to put it back on track . 	11
what they want be that one simply accept what they say and shut up . 	what they want be that one simply accept what they say and close . 	12
but I will get back to that . 	but I be go back to that . 	13
Europe 's monetary union have be badly undermine by a sovereign debt crisis in past month . 	the european monetary union have be badly affect by a sovereign debt crisis in recent month . 	14
tuck away under motorway flyover , it be in many way a suburb of Mexico City itself . 	tuck under the freeway overpass , it be , in many way , a suburb of Mexico City . 	15
a male friend of mine , also a Tory supporter , have succumb to pressure and renounce he creed . 	a friend of mine , also a conservative defender , have succumb to the pressure and renounce he creed . 	16
it be not a option , it be a imperative , because where do we find employment for ten of million of we young man and woman . 	it be not a option , it be a imperative , because where we can find employment ten of million of we young man and woman . 	17
amid the usual futile argument over who start it , score of building have be reduce to rubble ; more than 140 Palestinians , most of they civilian , and six Israelis have be kill ; and , for the first time , missile from Gaza have land near Tel Aviv , Israel 's metropolis , and the holy city of Jerusalem . 	in the usual futile argument about who start , dozen of building have be reduce to rubble ; more than 140 Palestinians , most of they civilian , and six Israelis have be kill ; and for the first time missile from Gaza have land near Tel Aviv , the capital of Israel , and the holy city of Jerusalem . 	18
Boeing Co share rise 1.5 % to $ 67.94 . 	Boeing Co share increase 1.5 % to $ 67.94 . 	19
and , in the homeland of my grandfather , there be no need for shorthand or hyphen . 	and , in my grandfather 's homeland , there be no need for shorthand or hyphen . 	20
but the praise come with a price , service member say . 	but compliment come with a price , say service member . 	21
maybe the hardliner will win out ; yet the Arab spring may change they calculation . 	perhaps the hard line will triumph ; however , the Arab Spring can change its calculation . 	22
Roseanna Monk say she stop near the door and put she daughter down for a moment . 	Roseanna Monk say she leave near the door and put she daughter for a moment . 	23
I be afraid you be on you own , amigo . 	I be afraid you be on you own , friend . 	24
he be a very straightforward man , very commit with a excellent vision of the country . 	he be a very simple man , very commit to a excellent vision of the country . 	25
TransCanada say Monday evening it will move the planned pipeline out of the environmentally sensitive Sandhills area of Nebraska , and be confident the project will still win approval . 	TransCanada say Monday afternoon it will move the pipeline plan outside the ecologically sensitive Sandhills area of Nebraska , and be confident that the project will be approve yet . 	26
man respond that he would verbally express concern about issue and that the visit officer would talk through the concern and indicate that they would be address , but they do not record the issue . 	the crew respond that they would verbally express concern about issue and that visit official would talk through the concern and indicate that they would be address but not record the issue . 	27
Mission over , Congress ready to agree on Libya 	during the mission , the Congress willing to agree on Libya 	28
the language may sound innocuous , but nothing about the Libya debate have be easy so far . 	the language may seem innocuous , but nothing about the libyan debate have be easy so far . 	29
most Americans probably never give a think to the fact that , in 1848 , the United States invade Mexico and force its leader to sign over half they territory at the point of rifle . 	most Americans will probably never reflect on the fact that , in 1848 , the United States invade Mexico and force its leader to sign more than half of they territory at gunpoint . 	30
Mr Obama also have a part in get Israel to the table . 	Mr. Obama also have a role in get Israel to the table . 	31
it be a cultural barrier with district attorney , say Sean McAllister , a Denver lawyer who represent marijuana defendant and be a local spokesman for the National Organization for the reform of Marijuana Laws . 	it be a cultural barrier with district attorney , say Sean McAllister , a Denver lawyer who represent marijuana defendant and a local spokesman for the National Organization for the reform of Marijuana Laws . 	32
even from a very early age you can see that kid understand the message that the tobacco company be try to sell through they branding , say the federal health minister , Tanya Plibersek , cite study that show , for example , child link a crown in a logo with the idea of be a princess . 	even from a very young age you can see child understand the message that the tobacco company be try to sell through its image , federal health minister Tanya Plibersek say , cite study show , for example , child link a crown on a logo with the idea of be a princess . 	33
during he first term , he neglect to present he own plan for peace . 	during he first term , he forget to present he own peace plan . 	34
so , I would say , Gabby , you have not be beat , '' ? '' Kelly say . 	so , I would say , Gabby , they have not be beat , `` Kelly say . 	35
the writer A?N Wilson announce waggishly that I would depart because I be force to drink out of chip mug . 	the writer a Wilson waggishly announce that he have leave because he be force to drink stupid splinter . 	36
in March , 58 senator vote in favor of a non-binding resolution support the idea of such a amendment . 	in March , 58 senator vote in favor of a non-binding resolution that support the idea of such a amendment . 	37
it be a force that suffer low morale , poor readiness and be unable to keep up with potential adversary . 	it be a force that suffer low morale , poor disposition and be unable to maintain with potential adversary . 	38
sale and marketing make it more successful , so -lsb- it be those kind of people -rsb- who end up run company and the product people get drive out of the decision-making forum . 	sale and marketing make more successful , so -lsb- it be that kind of people -rsb- who end up company and produce that people expel from the adoption forum . 	39
the lawyer who will stand before the court and argue that the law should be throw out be likely to be Paul Clement , who serve as U.S. solicitor general during the George W. Bush administration . 	the lawyer who will appear before the court and argue that the law should be expel be likely to be Paul Clement , who act as attorney general of the United States during the administration of George W. Bush . 	40
Lee Howell , the manage director of the World Economic Forum , likewise question why India 's reserve should be use to keep Greece 's numerous and well-paid public sector worker in job in poorly manage , loss-making utility like the railway . 	Lee Howell , the manage director of the World Economic Forum , also question why India 's reserve should be use to keep Greece 's numerous and public sector worker in well-paid job in poorly manage airline service such as railroad . 	41
the topic be a sensitive one for military leader , who do not want to appear ungrateful or at odds with the public they serve . 	the issue be delicate for military leader , who do not want to appear ungrateful or in contradiction with the public they serve . 	42
half a day in a airport wait for a flight be pretty tedious , even with the distraction of book , magazine and iphone -lrb- not to mention duty-free shopping -rrb- . 	half a day at a airport wait for a flight be quite tedious , even with distraction from book , magazine and iphone -lrb- not to mention tax-free sale -rrb- . 	43
the writer A?N Wilson announce waggishly that I would depart because I be force to drink out of chip mug . 	the writer a Wilson waggishly announce that he have leave because he be force to drink stupid splinter . 	44
it be appropriate to do it when the smallest number of people be in the park , he say . 	it be appropriate to do so when the fewest people be in the park , he say . 	45
before , when you try to survey people from the British National Party , it would be very difficult to identify they . 	earlier , when it come to polling people from the British National Party , it would be very difficult to identify they . 	46
around 5 a.m. , south of Pine Street , one protester jump on the hood of a police car , and other be see release the air from the tire of a police van . 	around 5 am , south of Pine Street , a protester jump on the hood of a police car , and other be see release the air from the tire of a police van . 	47
it be uncomfortable , but for I I move on a little bit after see and hear the suspect . 	it be uncomfortable , but I advance a little after see and hear the suspect . 	48
why coddle those twisty Palestinians by give they a state of they own ? 	why spoil the capricious Palestinians by give they a state of they own ? 	49
Roseanna Monk say she stop near the door and put she daughter down for a moment . 	Roseanna Monk say she leave near the door and put she daughter for a moment . 	50
this render the answer perceptual rather than factual and be often a red flag . 	this make the most perceptual and objective response often a red flag . 	51
in diplomatic term , America be as steadfast as ever ; many european country also blame Hamas for start the latest round of violence . 	in diplomatic term , the United States be as firm as ever ; many european country also blame Hamas to start the latest round of violence . 	52
moreover , conservative argue that it be Justice Elena Kagan who have a ethical issue , not Scalia and Thomas . 	in addition , conservative argue that Justice Elena Kagan , who have a ethical problem , do not Scalia and Thomas . 	53
it could have be ten time its size , could have be the Microsoft of the 90 ... 	it could have be ten time its size , it could have be the Microsoft of the ninety ... 	54
the special trace Giffords 's recovery since the Jan. 8 shooting . 	the Giffords recovery trail since Jan. 8 shot . 	55
my government have a great commitment to the mexican people to reduce the violence , Mr Pena Nieto tell US President Barack Obama in the Oval Office earlier this week . 	my government have a strong commitment to the mexican people to reduce violence , say Mr. Peña Nieto , US President Barack Obama , at the Oval Office earlier this week . 	56
once at Quantico , Manning say , he spend most day in a small cell -- at least 21 hour and often more than 23 hour -- with no company . 	once in Quantico , Manning say , he spend more day in a small cell - at least 21 hour and often more than 23 hour - with no company . 	57
count against man include aid the enemy , wrongfully cause intelligence to be publish on the internet , transmit national defense information and theft of public property or record . 	the charge against man include help the enemy , wrongly cause intelligence to be post on the internet , the transmission of national defense information and the theft of public property or record . 	58
I be in a minority of one during my first few week at Oxford . 	I be in a minority of one during my first week at Oxford . 	59
we identity might sometimes be fuzzy , but we loyalty be clear . 	we identity can be confuse at time , but we loyalty be clear . 	60
but they be not much more successful then than they be now . 	but they be not much more successful then they be now . 	61
what separate boredom from apathy , he say , be that the person be not engage but want to be . 	what separate boredom from apathy , he say , be that the person be not , but want to be . 	62
the troops be lavish with praise for they sacrifice . 	the troops lavish praise on they sacrifice . 	63
nobody know why they do what they do , nobody think about thing very deeply in business . 	no one know why they do what they do , no one think of thing very deeply in business . 	64
the purpose be to hold Patti LaBelle responsible for she conduct , Davis say . 	the goal be to celebrate Patti LaBelle responsible for he conduct , Davis say . 	65
while drug agent will probably not beat down door to seize a small bag of the drug , they be likely to balk at allow the state-regulated recreational marijuana shop allow under the new law , say Kevin A. Sabet , a former drug policy adviser in the Obama administration . 	while anti-drug agent will probably not knock on door to seize a small drug bag , they be likely to be reluctant to allow state-regulated recreational marijuana store allow under the new law , say Kevin A. Sabet , a former counselor of drug policy in the Obama administration . 	66
Ha say Zico have sell up to 6,000 to wholesale outlet and be await new stock . 	he say that Zico have sell up to 6,000 to wholesaler and be wait for new share . 	67
on improvise innovation : 	in improvise innovation : 	68
it be time for the military to modernize as well , Burke say . 	it be time for the military to modernize well , Burke say . 	69
the device have be widely write about before , but Jobs '' euphoria here in describe the Blue Box as a act of empowerment be infectious . 	the device have be widely write about before , but Jobs `` euphoria here in the description of the blue box as a act of empowerment be contagious . 	70
the most common verbal indicator be subtle . 	the most common indicator be subtle verbal . 	71
as long as we can ski in winter and go hike in summer we be happy , say Anna . 	while we can ski in winter and hike in summer we be happy , say Anna . 	72
tobacco firm say they would boost black market trade , lead to cheaper , more accessible cigarette . 	tobacco company say it would boost trade in the black market , cause cheaper , more affordable cigarette . 	73
she say in a aggressive tone , you should not have leave you daughter by the door , '' '' Roseanna Monk say . 	, Said in a aggressive tone , `` you should not have leave you daughter out the door , '' Roseanna say Monk . 	74
across the Capitol , the House be to vote this week on a constitutional amendment require a balanced budget , a top legislative priority of nearly every congressional republican and some Democrats . 	on Capitol Hill , the House will vote this week on a constitutional amendment that require a balanced budget , the top legislative priority of almost every republican and some congressional Democrats . 	75
why coddle those twisty Palestinians by give they a state of they own ? 	why spoil the capricious Palestinians by give they a state of they own ? 	76
in the interview with Sawyer , Giffords , who go through two hour of therapy every day , say she have no memory of the day of the shooting . 	in the interview with Sawyer , Giffords , who go through two hour of therapy every day , say he do not remember the day of the shooting . 	77
Moreno suggest that student ' peer , such as residential advisor , could monitor the site and intervene to help a student who post one too many boozy status update . 	Moreno suggest that student ' peer , as residential advisor , could control the site and intervene to help a student who post one too many boozy status update . 	78
during he job search , he say , he sense that some interviewer have subtly inquire whether he would be able to hold up under the strain of a demand Washington job immediately after he combat tour . 	during he job search , he say , he have the feeling that some interviewer have subtly ask if he would be able to keep under Washington pressure a demand job immediately after he combat tour . 	79
Kagan have give no indication she will do so . 	Kagan have give no indication that he will . 	80
the other be whether a firm that be hire to conduct the original study be a inappropriate choice because it be tie to TransCanada . 	the other be whether a company that be hire to run the original study be a inadequate choice because it be link to TransCanada . 	81
although 55 percent of Colorado voter support the measure , bring recreational marijuana into the fold of government and the legal system be never go to be simple . 	although 55 percent of Colorado voter support the measure , marijuana for recreational purpose within the government and the legal system be not go to be easy . 	82
in future diplomacy Hamas may emerge as a actor that can not be shut out even by Israel and America . 	Hamas diplomacy in the future may emerge as a actor that can not be exclude even by Israel and the United States . 	83
while drug agent will probably not beat down door to seize a small bag of the drug , they be likely to balk at allow the state-regulated recreational marijuana shop allow under the new law , say Kevin A. Sabet , a former drug policy adviser in the Obama administration . 	while anti-drug agent will probably not knock on door to seize a small drug bag , they be likely to be reluctant to allow state-regulated recreational marijuana store allow under the new law , say Kevin A. Sabet , a former counselor of drug policy in the Obama administration . 	84
there be also moment where Jobs '' perfectionism rise to the surface , where he seem impatient about Cringely 's question , nudge he to move faster towards issue or subplot of greater import . 	there be also time when Jobs ' perfectionism rise to the surface , where he seem impatient over Cringely 's question , urge he to move faster towards issue or subplot of greater import . 	85
we have always be shameless about steal great idea . 	we have always be blatant about steal great idea . 	86
Congressman Olvera admit that after 12 year outside the presidential palace of Los Pinos , there be much expectation within the party about Enrique Pena Nieto . 	Congressman Olvera admit that after 12 year outside the presidential palace of Los Pinos , there be much expectation within the party over Enrique Peña Nieto . 	87
the servicemen and woman be regard as hero , say David Saltzman , who organize the spring fundraiser . 	the man and woman be consider as hero , say David Saltzman , who organize the spring fundraiser . 	88
it be a affirmation of bipartisan support for they democratic aspiration . 	it be a statement of bipartisan support for they democratic aspiration . 	89
almost no one understand what be happen , even why this war be to be fight . 	almost no one understand what be happen , even why this war be to be fight . 	90
although 55 percent of Colorado voter support the measure , bring recreational marijuana into the fold of government and the legal system be never go to be simple . 	although 55 percent of Colorado voter support the measure , marijuana for recreational purpose within the government and the legal system be not go to be easy . 	91
they would not do that , not among my dream spire . 	do not do it , do not enter my dream needle . 	92
at a City Council hearing last month , Schools Chancellor Dennis M. Walcott say the layoff be a part of the budget they sign off on in June . 	City Council in a hearing last month , Schools Chancellor Dennis M. Walcott say the layoff be a part of the budget be sign in June . 	93
that night , man testify , he underwear , flip-flop and glass be remove from he cell . 	that night , man testify , he underwear , flip-flop , and glass be remove from he cell . 	94
Norway do not often make it on to the global news agenda - and most seem to like it that way . 	Norway be not usually on the world news program , and most seem like that . 	95
rakfisk be see as signify something important , a vital if rather smelly part of Norway 's past . 	rakfisk be see as something important , a vital if rather smelly part of Norway in the past . 	96
the growth since the early 1970 of one of the world 's biggest oil and gas industry lie behind much of Norway 's present-day wealth . 	growth since the early 1970 in one of Norway 's largest oil and gas industry be behind much of today 's wealth . 	97
if they really run the West Bank , would they not fire rocket , just as they compatriot have do in Gaza ? 	if you really be in the West Bank , do not you shoot rocket , just like you compatriot have do in Gaza ? 	98
that night , she say , she be ask to recount the detail of she rape 11 separate time to a stream of police , doctor , and commander . 	that night , he say , he be ask to relate the detail of he rape 11 hour apart from a stream of police , doctor , and commander . 	99
I tell she , `` I have no interest in what you say or think . ' 	I tell you , I have no interest in what you say or think . '' 	100
in the interview with Sawyer , Giffords , who go through two hour of therapy every day , say she have no memory of the day of the shooting . 	in the interview with Sawyer , Giffords , who go through two hour of therapy every day , say he do not remember the day of the shooting . 	101
man respond that he would verbally express concern about issue and that the visit officer would talk through the concern and indicate that they would be address , but they do not record the issue . 	the crew respond that they would verbally express concern about issue and that visit official would talk through the concern and indicate that they would be address but not record the issue . 	102
across the Capitol , the House be to vote this week on a constitutional amendment require a balanced budget , a top legislative priority of nearly every congressional republican and 	on Capitol Hill , the House will vote this week on a constitutional amendment that require a balanced budget , the top legislative priority of almost every republican and some congressional Democrats . 	103
there will be serious unintended consequence from the legislation , say Scott McIntyre of british american tobacco Australia . 	there will be serious undesirable consequence of legislation , say Scott McIntyre of british american tobacco Australia . 	104
it could have be ten time its size , could have be the Microsoft of the 90 ... 	it could have be ten time its size , it could have be the Microsoft of the ninety ... 	105
that be fair . 	it be fair . 	106
you will not be happy here , he tell I . 	you will not be happy here , he tell I . 	107
later , I settle on `` Mexican-American . '' 	later , I settle on `` Mexican-American . '' 	108
on improvise innovation : 	in improvise innovation : 	109
while she be a U.S. citizen , she see herself as a part of two country . 	while she be a US citizen , she see herself as a part of the two country . 	110
and in the United States , we be consider mexican . 	and in the United States , we be consider Mexicans . 	111
during the first few day of fresher '' week , when new student socialise with each other and the don , I have a taste of the wormwood that be to come . 	during the first day of the week `` fresher , when the new student interact with each other and the professor , I have a taste of the wormwood that be to come . 	112
Burke also say that since February , she have be contact by nearly 400 other survivor , many of whom could be part of future suit . 	Burke also say that since February , he have be contact by nearly 400 other survivor , many of whom could be part of future lawsuit . 	113
I have go up in September 1986 , a cripplingly shy 18-year-old . 	I have be upload in September 1986 , a cripplingly shy 18 year old . 	114
he say vulnerable emerge market need to make `` contingency plan '' to protect themselves from a downturn and significant capital outflow from they economy . 	he say vulnerable emerge market need to make `` contingency plan '' to protect themselves from recession and major outflow of capital from they economy . 	115
he be a very straightforward man , very commit with a excellent vision of the country . 	he be a very simple man , very commit to a excellent vision of the country . 	116
and yet , for Mexico , the really challenging relationship be with the more than 35 million mexican-american live in the United States . 	and yet , for Mexico , the relationship be really difficult with the more than 35 million american Mexicans live in the United States . 	117
there be latin graffitus about boredom on the wall of Pompeii date from the first century . 	there be latin painting about boredom on the wall of Pompeii date from the 21st century . 	118
the PRI rule Mexico for seven decade until lose the presidency in 2000 . 	the PRI rule Mexico for seven decade until it lose the presidency in 2000 . 	119
Anand Sharma , India 's minister of trade , say that `` India will do whatever it can '' to help the eurozone as its own economy be now suffer fall export and a dry up of foreign capital inflow . 	Anand Sharma , India 's trade minister , say that `` India will do everything it can '' to help the euro area in its own economy be suffer the fall in export and a reduction of foreign capital flow . 	120
it be not a option , it be a imperative , because where do we find employment for ten of million of we young man and woman . 	it be not a option , it be a imperative , because where we can find employment ten of million of we young man and woman . 	121
hundred of police officer be involve , some of they wear riot helmet . 	hundred of police officer be involve , some of they wear anti-riot helmet . 	122
other observation be about a old Europe fall away , and about new type of terror . 	other observation be of a old Europe fall away , and about the new type of terror . 	123
that the pragmatic Mr Morsi work with Barack Obama to obtain a ceasefire augur well - and might just mark the start of something . 	that pragmatic Mr. Morsi work with Barack Obama to get a ceasefire be a good omen - and could usher in something . 	124
not Mexico . 	in Mexico . 	125
but how to find they ? 	but how to find ? 	126
but assault be notoriously underreported , and by the Pentagon 's own estimate , that figure account for approximately 13.5 percent of the estimate 19,000 incident that occur that year . 	but the assault be notoriously publicize , and by the Pentagon 's own estimate , which represent approximately 13.5 % of the approximately 19,000 incident this year . 	127
in 1997 he take up a professorship at the University of Bilkent , in Ankara , Turkey . 	in 1997 he take a chair at Bilkent University , Ankara , Turkey . 	128
the starkly conflicting impression illustrate the uneasy relationship that have take hold between the military and a often distant , sometimes adoring american public . 	the markedly antagonistic impression illustrate the uncomfortable relationship that have be establish between the military and often distant , sometimes adoring american public . 	129
on innovation as art form : 	in innovation as a art form : 	130
and `` that self-regulation transfer from one situation to other , '' he say . 	and `` that self-regulation transfer from one situation to another , '' he say . 	131
Mr. Englund 's volume join a unconventional pantheon . 	Mr. Englund 's volume join a unconventional pantheon . 	132
Nesheim also order police to hold Breivik in custody for 12 more week , ban he from access media for four week , and say that authority will have tight control over all visit and correspondence for eight week . 	NESHEIM also order police to hold Breivik in custody for 12 more week , bar he from access to the media for four week , and say authority will have strict control over all visit and correspondence for eight week . 	133
I be in the small town of Fagernes , about three hour from Oslo . 	I be in the small town of Fagernes , about three hour from Oslo . 	134
how do Tories have sex ? one ask . 	how do conservative have sex ? one ask . 	135
Mr Obama also have a part in get Israel to the table . 	Mr. Obama also have a role in get Israel to the table . 	136
Us two , we do not know much , but we could build a little thing that could control a giant thing - it be a incredible lesson , and I do not think there would have ever be Apple without it . 	we two , we do not know much , but we can build a little thing that could control a giant , it be a lesson , and I do not think it would ever have be Apple without it . 	137
Norwegians find it very difficult to believe that in they peace-loving country one of they own be capable of such brutality and murder . 	the Norwegians find it very difficult to believe that in they peace-loving country one of they own be capable of such brutality and murder . 	138
Professor Larson say he do not know whether the boredom percentage now , 21 year later , would be higher or lower . 	Professor Larson say he do not know if boredom percentage now , 21 year later , would be higher or lower . 	139
first , observe you subject 's normal behavior . 	first , observe you normal behavioral theme . 	140
a amendment prohibit same-sex marriage be a perennial offering , as be one prohibit flag-burning . 	a amendment that prohibit same-sex marriage be a perennial offer , as it be one that prohibit flag-burning . 	141
some story be about honor and bravery . 	some story be one of honor and courage . 	142
in video shoot by Kelly in the first few week , she be see in she hospital bed , she head shave and a long scar across she forehead . 	in the video record by Kelly in the first week , she be see in she hospital bed , with she head shave and a long scar on she forehead . 	143
on innovation as art form : 	in innovation as a art form : 	144
I stand in the snow and queue for something to eat - I have have enough rakfisk . 	I be in the snow and queue for something to eat , I have have enough rakfisk . 	145
film before the era of Pixar , the ipod or the iPhone , there be something eerily prescient about the Lost Interview , as Jobs assess what he see other company do right and wrong , and offer he own vision of the future of computing . 	film before the Pixar era , the ipod and the iPhone , there be something eerily premonitory about the Lost Interview , as Jobs evaluate what he consider other company do good and evil , and offer he own vision of the future of computing . 	146
I do not think we really want to celebrate boredom . 	I do not think we really want to celebrate boredom . 	147
the Foreign Relations Committee resolution `` congratulate the people of Libya for they tremendous courage and extraordinary resilience in liberating themselves '' and `` commend the man and woman of the United States Armed Forces and they coalition partner who engage in military operation to protect the people of Libya for they extraordinary bravery and professionalism . '' 	the resolution of the Foreign Affairs Committee `` commend the people of Libya for they tremendous courage and extraordinary resistance to liberation '' and `` congratulate the man and woman of the United States Armed Forces and they coalition partner who participate in military operation to protect the people of Libya for they extraordinary courage and professionalism . '' 	148
man have testify that he be never give a chance to cover himself with he blanket during the head count . 	the crew have testify that he be never give a chance to cover himself with he blanket during the recount . 	149
tough , tough , tough . 	hard , hard , hard . 	150
and the contradictory reaction across the state lay bare a deep ambivalence among local official about the state 's big green experiment . 	and contradictory reaction throughout the state reveal a deep ambivalence among local official about the state of the great green experiment . 	151
I stumble over it . 	I meet he . 	152
on Monday , Breivik , who admit to a killing spree in Norway in July which leave 77 people dead , face he first public court hearing . 	on Monday , Breivik , who admit a massacre in Norway in July that leave 77 dead , face he first public hearing . 	153
if guard could not see he face when he roll over at night , he say they would wake he to roll back over . 	if the guard could not see he face when they drag he into the night , he say follow he to push back . 	154
a war that be neither lose or win 	a war that be neither lose nor win 	155
it be my father who drive the nail into the coffin of my Oxford career . 	it be my father who drive the nail in the coffin of my Oxford career . 	156
first , observe you subject 's normal behavior . 	first , observe you normal behavioral theme . 	157
Facebook , too , be constantly tap into its own population for datum . 	Facebook , too , be constantly turn to its own datum population . 	158
by reach out through Facebook , Bartlett and he colleague be able to survey over 10,000 follower of 14 far-right party in 11 european country - all without ever leave the office . 	through Facebook , Bartlett and he colleague be able to study more than 10,000 follower from 14 far-right party in 11 european country - all without leave the office . 	159
I object to the court because you receive you mandate from organization that support hate ideology and because it support multiculturalism . 	I oppose the court because it have receive its mandate from organization that support the ideology of hate and because it support multiculturalism . 	160
give it a chance . 	give it a try . 	161
now the Senate may be ready to act . 	now , the Senate can be ready to act . 	162
he say he try to keep move , because sleep during the day or even lie down be against the rule . 	he say he try to keep move , because sleep during the day or even lie down be against the rule . 	163
in a environment where we be constantly overstimulate , '' he say , `` it be hard to find way to engage when the noise shut down . 	in a environment where we be constantly overstimulate , he say , `` it be difficult to find way to participate when the noise go out . '' 	164
apart from the vary health warning and image the only difference between the pack , mandatory from Saturday , be the brand name , and these be all print in identical small font . 	apart from the various health warning and image of the only difference between package , Saturday 's mandatory be the mark , and all of they be print in identical small print . 	165
how much deceit do we encounter ? 	how much deceit do we find ourselves ? 	166
he have a vision for the way thing could be and should be . 	he have a vision of how thing could and should be . 	167
but what Apple fan might find most revealing in a recently rediscover Jobs interview dust off in advance of special movie screening in major market this week , be how much this creative mind understand about business process and product workflow . 	but what Apple fan could find more reveal in a newly rediscover Jobs interview again before the screening of special film in major market this week , be how much this creative mind understand about business process and product flow . 	168
a trained lie spotter can get to the truth by learn about statement structure , facial micro-expression , question formation and timing . 	a lieter spotter training can come to the truth by learn about statement structure , facial micro-expression , question training and timing . 	169
so I have plenty of time to think about the subject of boredom . 	so I have have plenty of time to think about boredom . 	170
if at least some Mexicans be not yet ready to forgive the United States for how it treat Mexico a century and a half ago , then they have to accept the fact that some mexican-american still hold a grudge for how they family member be treat much more recently than that . 	if at least some Mexicans be still unwilling to forgive the United States for the way it treat Mexico a century and a half ago , then they have to accept the fact that some american Mexicans still have a grudge over how they family member be treat recently much more than that . 	171
such a large cut , apply in this indiscriminate manner , would render most of we ship and construction project unexecutable -- you can not buy three quarter of a ship or a building -- and seriously damage other modernization effort , Panetta write to the senator . 	a large cut , apply in this indiscriminate way , would make most of we boat and construction project unexecutable - we can not buy three-quarter of a boat or a building - and serious damage to other modernization activity , Panetta write to the senator . 	172
the justice agree to hear the suit ; indeed , a landmark 5 1/2 - hour argument be expect in March , and the outcome be likely to further roil the 2012 presidential race , which will be in full swing by the time the court 's decision be release . 	the magistrate agree to hear the lawsuit ; in fact , a milestone 51 / such argument be expect in March , and the result be likely to further disrupt the 2012 presidential race , which will be in full swing by the time the court 's decision be release . 	173
as the first state to treat small amount of marijuana like alcohol , Colorado and Washington be poise to become national test case for drug legalization . 	as the first state to treat small amount of marijuana such as alcohol , Colorado and Washington be poise to become national test case for drug legalization . 	174
Cold and Inhuman : Anders Behring Breivik make First Public Court appearance 	Cold and Inhuman : Anders Behring Breivik make the first public appearance 	175
I run away . 	I run away . 	176
Moreno suggest that student ' peer , such as residential advisor , could monitor the site and intervene to help a student who post one too many boozy status update . 	Moreno suggest that student ' peer , as residential advisor , could control the site and intervene to help a student who post one too many boozy status update . 	177
he say many be force to leave Mexico because of the lack of opportunity there 	he say that many be force to leave Mexico because of the lack of opportunity 	178
the atmosphere would have make a stalinist shudder with apprehension . 	the atmosphere would have make a stalinist shudder with apprehension . 	179
he want to partner with the United States and Canada , and create a european union-style trading bloc in North America . 	it want to collaborate with the United States and Canada , and to create a european union-style trade bloc in North America . 	180
Mr. Englund 's book be a deviation from standard history book . 	Mr. Englund 's book be a departure from the standard book of history . 	181
but how to find they ? 	but how to find ? 	182
First of all , like many people , I assume that boredom be a relatively recent phenomenon , with the advent of more leisure time . 	first , like many people , I assume that boredom be a relatively recent phenomenon , with the arrival of more leisure time . 	183
many of these be about deprivation and make do . 	many of they be about deprivation and do see . 	184
my government have a great commitment to the mexican people to reduce the violence , Mr Pena Nieto tell US President Barack Obama in the Oval Office earlier this week . 	my government have a strong commitment to the mexican people to reduce violence , say Mr. Peña Nieto , US President Barack Obama , at the Oval Office earlier this week . 	185
the device have be widely write about before , but Jobs '' euphoria here in describe the Blue Box as a act of empowerment be infectious . 	the device have be widely write about before , but Jobs `` euphoria here in the description of the blue box as a act of empowerment be contagious . 	186
Mr. Browne say about 142 people be arrest in the park . 	Mr. Browne say about 142 people be detain in the park . 	187
it be time for the military to modernize as well , Burke say . 	it be time for the military to modernize well , Burke say . 	188
Xerox could have own the entire computer industry . 	Xerox could be own by the entire computer industry . 	189
the growth since the early 1970 of one of the world 's biggest oil and gas industry lie behind much of Norway 's present-day wealth . 	growth since the early 1970 in one of Norway 's largest oil and gas industry be behind much of today 's wealth . 	190
it be Nov. 10 of last year when stagehand Kevin Monk , he kindergarten-teacher wife , Roseanna , and Genevieve be get ready to go on a family trip . 	it be November 10 of last year when stagehand Kevin Monk , he wife kindergarten-teacher , Roseanna , and Genevieve be get ready to go on a family trip . 	191
she strategy : rather than pile all the plaintiff into this case - put all she egg in one basket , so to speak - she will file multiple case , if need be , to keep the pressure on . 	you strategy : instead of accumulate all the plaintiff in this case - put all the egg in a single basket , so to speak , will present multiple case , if necessary , to keep the pressure on . 	192
in tell a german schoolgirl 's story he say : `` Ersatz , everywhere ersatz . '' 	when tell a german schoolgirl the story say : `` Successive , everywhere surrogate . '' 	193
separately , the nonprofit Vietnam veteran of America be assemble a suit against the military that focus on the `` personality disorder '' diagnosis assign to rape victim in order to discharge they from service - a common occurrence , accord to activist such as Anu Bhagwati of the Service Women 's Action Network , a human-rights group . 	separately , the Vietnam veteran of America profit be mount a lawsuit against the military that focus on the `` personality disorder '' diagnosis assign to rape victim to exempt they from service , something common , accord to activist such as Anu Bhagwati Women 's Service Action Network , a human rights group . 	194
I think about that moment this week when Mexican president-elect Enrique Pena Nieto visit the White House to meet with President Obama . 	I think at that time this week when Mexican President-elect Enrique Peña Nieto visit the White House to meet with President Obama . 	195
maybe this will make they struggle bloodier than before . 	maybe this will make you fight more bloody than before . 	196
it would be so much easier if he do . 	it would be much easier if he do . 	197
baffle by the way cost be record - often begin with a `` standard cost '' that amount to a blind guess , which be then adjust with a `` variance '' - he develop a automate factory that ensure they could determine business cost down to the second . 	surprise at the way cost be record , often start with a `` standard cost '' that amount to a blind guess , which have then be adjust with a `` difference '' , it have develop a automated factory that say it could determine the cost to the second . 	198
per a 1950 Supreme Court ruling call the Feres Doctrine , the federal government be not liable for injury sustain by active-duty personnel . 	for a ruling of the Supreme Court of 1950 call the Feres Doctrine , the federal government be not responsible for the injury suffer by the personnel whose author be . 	199
I be sure it be all just a tease . 	I be sure it be all a joke . 	200
even more tragic be that it be Oxford , which not only produce 14 Tory prime minister , but , to this day , hide behind a ill-deserved reputation for equality and freedom of thought . 	even more tragic be that it be Oxford , which not only produce 14 conservative prime minister but , to this day , hide behind a well-deserved reputation for equality and freedom of thought . 	201
the 1,700-mile pipeline would extend from Canada to the Gulf of Mexico . 	the 1,700-mile pipeline would expand from Canada to the Gulf of Mexico . 	202
the atmosphere would have make a stalinist shudder with apprehension . 	the atmosphere would have make a stalinist shudder with apprehension . 	203
I be afraid you be on you own , amigo . 	I be afraid you be on you own , friend . 	204
he say not be allow to know what be happen to he or in the outside world be distressing . 	he say he could not know what be happen to he or in the outside world be worry . 	205
above all , Israel have prosper , especially under Binyamin Netanyahu , a prime minister who have largely ignore the peace process . 	above all , Israel have prosper , especially in Binyamin Netanyahu , a prime minister who have largely ignore the peace process . 	206
he say he try to keep move , because sleep during the day or even lie down be against the rule . 	he say he try to keep move , because sleep during the day or even lie down be against the rule . 	207
they situation be not help by a recent BBC two documentary , Wonderland : Young , Bright and on the Right , about student politics , which portray Tories as oddball and neo-nazi . 	he situation be not help by a recent BBC two documentary , Wonderland : Young , Bright and Right , on student politics , portray conservative as capricious and neo-nazi . 	208
list price for six of those be more than $ 1 billion . 	price of six of they be more than a billion dollar . 	209
the union represent hundred of school support worker who lose they job last month plan to sue the city on Wednesday , claim the layoff be unnecessary and discriminatory because of they disproportionate impact on school that serve poor student . 	the union represent hundred of schoolchildren to support worker who lose they job last month plan to sue the city on Wednesday , claim that layoff be unnecessary and discriminatory because of they disproportionate impact on school serve poor student . 	210
tobacco firm say they would boost black market trade , lead to cheaper , more accessible cigarette . 	tobacco company say it would boost trade in the black market , cause cheaper , more affordable cigarette . 	211
rakfisk be trout sprinkle with salt and fermented in water for - depend on how smelly you like you fish - up to a year . 	the rakfisk trout be sprinkle with water and salt on sour to - depend on how you like you smelly fish - up to a year . 	212
Norwegians find it very difficult to believe that in they peace-loving country one of they own be capable of such brutality and murder . 	the Norwegians find it very difficult to believe that in they peace-loving country one of they own be capable of such brutality and murder . 	213
this pose a threat to the atmosphere of intellectual discussion , as well as to the welfare of member , she say . 	this pose a threat to the atmosphere of intellectual debate as well as to the well-being of its member , he say . 	214
Mr. Englund discuss the soldier who actively try to catch a venereal disease from prostitute as a way to evade service at the front . 	Mr. Englund discuss the soldier he actively seek to capture a venereal disease of prostitute as a way to evade service on the front . 	215
the last amendment to be add - the 27th - be ratify in 1992 , but it be actually propose by Congress in 1789 . 	the last amendment to be add - 27 - be ratify in 1992 , but be actually propose by Congress in 1789 . 	216
deceptive individual might also use distance language : '' I do not have sexual relation with that woman ... Miss Lewinsky '' or repeat a hard question in its entirety . 	misleading individual could also use distancing : `` I do not have sex with that woman , Miss Lewinsky ... '' or repeat a difficult question in its entirety . 	217
Norway do not often make it on to the global news agenda - and most seem to like it that way . 	Norway be not usually on the world news program , and most seem like that . 	218
they have a natural hedge , he say . 	they have natural coverage , he say . 	219
on fall in love with technology -lrb- and cold-calling Bill Hewlett -rrb- : 	fall in love with technology -lrb- and cold-calling Bill Hewlett -rrb- : 	220
the man expect to represent the PRI in the presidential race , Enrique Pena Nieto , speak from Washington , congratulate Vallejo and say , `` I think this victory should be very encouraging , look ahead to next year . '' 	the man wait to represent the PRI in the presidential race , Enrique Pena Nieto , speak from Washington , congratulate Vallejo and say : `` I think this victory should be very encouraging , for the coming year . '' 	221
former presidential candidate John Edwards have be charge with campaign finance violation connect to the cover-up of a extramarital affair . 	former presidential candidate John Edwards have be accuse of violation relate to fund the cover-up campaign for a extramarital affair . 	222
or until we die , whichever come first . 	or until they die , whatever the first . 	223
it be not so much a book about what happen , he explain , as `` a book about what it be like . '' it be about `` feeling , impression , experience and mood . '' 	it be not so much a book about what happen , he explain , as `` a book about what it be like . '' these be `` feeling , impression , experience and mood '' . 	224
in recent day , Italy 's borrowing cost have soar dangerously and the prime minister of both Italy and Greece have resign . 	in recent day , Italy 's borrowing cost have rise dangerously and the prime minister of Italy and Greece have resign . 	225
once at Quantico , Manning say , he spend most day in a small cell -- at least 21 hour and often more than 23 hour -- with no company . 	once in Quantico , Manning say , he spend more day in a small cell - at least 21 hour and often more than 23 hour - with no company . 	226
Europe 's monetary union have be badly undermine by a sovereign debt crisis in past month . 	the european monetary union have be badly affect by a sovereign debt crisis in recent month . 	227
we do not want to be put in a position where we license somebody and then have a big federal issue , say Bob Nicholson , a City Council member . 	we do not want to be put in a position where someone 's license and then have a big federal problem , say Bob Nicholson , a member of the City Council . 	228
what they want be that one simply accept what they say and shut up . 	what they want be that one simply accept what they say and close . 	229
Colorado have a more regulated market , so they will be a good guide , say Brian E. Smith , a spokesman for the Washington State Liquor Control Board . 	Colorado have a regulated market , so it will be a good guide , say Brian E. Smith , a spokesman for the Washington State Alcohol Control Board . 	230
in 1991 , Reed Larson , a professor of human and community development at the University of Illinois , conduct a experiment in which he contact almost 400 teenager and they parent seven to eight time a day by beeper . 	in 1991 , Reed Larson , a professor of human and community development at the University of Illinois , conduct a experiment in which he contact nearly 400 teens and they parent seven to eight time a day of paging . 	231
but what Apple fan might find most revealing in a recently rediscover Jobs interview dust off in advance of special movie screening in major market this week , be how much this creative mind understand about business process and product workflow . 	but what Apple fan could find more reveal in a newly rediscover Jobs interview again before the screening of special film in major market this week , be how much this creative mind understand about business process and product flow . 	232
about 28 people be on the northern perimeter . 	about 28 people be in the northern perimeter . 	233
Israel 's defence budget be bigger than that of its four Arab neighbour combine . 	Israel 's defense budget be greater than that of its four combined Arab neighbor . 	234
tuck away under motorway flyover , it be in many way a suburb of Mexico City itself . 	tuck under the freeway overpass , it be , in many way , a suburb of Mexico City . 	235
Mr. Englund 's book be a deviation from standard history book . 	Mr. Englund 's book be a departure from the standard book of history . 	236
tough , tough , tough . 	hard , hard , hard . 	237
but no 18-year-old should be subject to such intimidation and vitriol in a educational institution . 	but not 18 year and should be subject to this type of intimidation and virulence in a educational institution . 	238
the last amendment to be add - the 27th - be ratify in 1992 , but it be actually propose by Congress in 1789 . 	the last amendment to be add - 27 - be ratify in 1992 , but be actually propose by Congress in 1789 . 	239
Cold and Inhuman : Anders Behring Breivik make First Public Court appearance 	Cold and Inhuman : Anders Behring Breivik make the first public appearance 	240
Mr. Kelly , while present , be `` not direct operation , '' Mr. Browne say . 	Mr. Kelly , while at present , be `` not direct operation , '' say Mr. Browne . 	241
the Budget Control Act , which pass in August , require that both the House and Senate vote on a balanced budget amendment . 	the Budgetary Control Act , pass in August , require both the House and Senate to vote on a balanced budget amendment . 	242
traffic in Mexico City be particularly bad at present . 	traffic in Mexico City be particularly bad today . 	243
the 1,700-mile pipeline would extend from Canada to the Gulf of Mexico . 	the 1,700-mile pipeline would expand from Canada to the Gulf of Mexico . 	244
we be staunchly oppose to this draconian action , the senator say in a joint statement Monday afternoon when they release Panetta 's letter . 	we be firmly oppose to these draconian measure , the senator say in a joint statement Monday afternoon when Panetta 's letter be issue . 	245
indeed Hamas be gain on the West Bank , the other bit of Palestine currently run by its bitter rival in Fatah , the more moderate palestinian faction . 	in fact it be win from Hamas in the West Bank , the other bit of Palestine currently run by its bitter rival Fatah , the most moderate palestinian faction . 	246
but assault be notoriously underreported , and by the Pentagon 's own estimate , that figure account for approximately 13.5 percent of the estimate 19,000 incident that occur that year . 	but the assault be notoriously publicize , and by the Pentagon 's own estimate , which represent approximately 13.5 % of the approximately 19,000 incident this year . 	247
and then again , no one who live through it will ever forget the media circus President Bill Clinton unleash by lie during he second term in office about he sexual involvement with Monica Lewinsky . 	and then , once again , no one who live will forget the media circus President Bill Clinton unleash by lie during he second term on he sexual relationship with Monica Lewinsky . 	248
the report , release in March , also examine prosecution rate : in 2010 , 20 percent of report case in the military go to trial - half the rate of the civilian justice system . 	the report , publish in March , also examine prosecution rate : in 2010 , 20 % of the report case in the military be on trial , half the civil justice system rate . 	249
First of all , like many people , I assume that boredom be a relatively recent phenomenon , with the advent of more leisure time . 	first , like many people , I assume that boredom be a relatively recent phenomenon , with the arrival of more leisure time . 	250
