Counterfeiters from China and Indonesia will bring lots more of these products down to sell on the streets of Australia . 	Counterfeiters from China and Indonesia will bring much more of these products to market on the streets of Australia . 	1
Professor Larson said he did not know whether the boredom percentages now , 21 years later , would be higher or lower . 	Professor Larson said he did not know if boredom percentages now , 21 years later , would be higher or lower . 	2
The hearing focuses on Manning 's time in the military brig at Quantico , Virginia 	The hearing centers on Manning 's time at Quantico Military Prison , Virginia 	3
My wife , who was born in Guadalajara and came to the United States legally as a child , reminds me that there is friction between Mexicans and Mexican-Americans because Mexicans have a firmer grasp of who they are and Mexican-Americans resent that . 	My wife , who was born in Guadalajara and came to the United States legally as a child , reminds me that there are frictions between Mexicans and Mexican Americans because Mexicans have a deeper understanding of who they are and Mexican-Americans who bother them . 	4
Freeman noted an increase in `` average Joe '' reviews of brands on social media sites such as YouTube , Twitter and Facebook . 	Freeman noted an increase in average `` Joe '' brand surveys on social media sites such as YouTube , Twitter and Facebook . 	5
Colorado has a more regulated market , so they will be a good guide , said Brian E. Smith , a spokesman for the Washington State Liquor Control Board . 	Colorado has a regulated market , so it will be a good guide , said Brian E. Smith , a spokesman for the Washington State Alcohol Control Board . 	6
You want to talk about hard feelings ? 	You want to talk about bad feelings ? 	7
Rather , our goal should be to feel comfortable away from the constant chatter of activity and technology . 	Rather , our goal should be to feel comfortable outside the constant chats of activity and technology . 	8
It would be so much easier if he did . 	It would be much easier if he did . 	9
A few of these people will become heroes . 	Some of these people become heroes . 	10
Days after the Obama administration threatened to delay approval of a planned oil pipeline from Canada to the Gulf of Mexico -- angering unions while appeasing environmentalists -- the company seeking to build the pipeline says it 's willing to reroute the project to get it back on track . 	Days after the Obama administration threatened to delay approval of an oil pipeline from Canada to the Gulf of Mexico - it irritates unions and appease environmentalists - the company intends to build the pipeline says it is willing to reroute the project to put it Back on track . 	11
What they want is that one simply accepts what they say and shuts up . 	What they want is that one simply accepts what they say and closes . 	12
But I 'll get back to that . 	But I 'm going back to that . 	13
Europe 's monetary union has been badly undermined by a sovereign debt crisis in past months . 	The European monetary union has been badly affected by a sovereign debt crisis in recent months . 	14
Tucked away under motorway flyovers , it is in many ways a suburb of Mexico City itself . 	Tucked under the freeway overpasses , it is , in many ways , a suburb of Mexico City . 	15
A male friend of mine , also a Tory supporter , had succumbed to pressure and renounced his creed . 	A friend of mine , also a conservative defender , had succumbed to the pressure and renounced his creed . 	16
It is not an option , it is an imperative , because where do we find employment for tens of millions of our young men and women . 	It is not an option , it is an imperative , because where we can find employment tens of millions of our young men and women . 	17
Amid the usual futile arguments over who started it , scores of buildings have been reduced to rubble ; more than 140 Palestinians , most of them civilians , and six Israelis have been killed ; and , for the first time , missiles from Gaza have landed near Tel Aviv , Israel 's metropolis , and the holy city of Jerusalem . 	In the usual futile arguments about who started , dozens of buildings have been reduced to rubble ; More than 140 Palestinians , most of them civilians , and six Israelis have been killed ; And for the first time missiles from Gaza have landed near Tel Aviv , the capital of Israel , and the holy city of Jerusalem . 	18
Boeing Co shares rose 1.5 % to $ 67.94 . 	Boeing Co shares increased 1.5 % to $ 67.94 . 	19
And , in the homeland of my grandfather , there was no need for shorthand or hyphens . 	And , in my grandfather 's homeland , there is no need for shorthand or hyphens . 	20
But the praise comes with a price , service members say . 	But compliments come with a price , say service members . 	21
Maybe the hardliners will win out ; yet the Arab spring may change their calculations . 	Perhaps the hard line will triumph ; However , the Arab Spring can change its calculations . 	22
Roseanna Monk said she stopped near the door and put her daughter down for a moment . 	Roseanna Monk said she left near the door and put her daughter for a moment . 	23
I 'm afraid you 're on your own , amigos . 	I 'm afraid you 're on your own , friends . 	24
He 's a very straightforward man , very committed with an excellent vision of the country . 	He is a very simple man , very committed to an excellent vision of the country . 	25
TransCanada said Monday evening it will move the planned pipeline out of the environmentally sensitive Sandhills area of Nebraska , and is confident the project will still win approval . 	TransCanada said Monday afternoon it will move the pipeline planned outside the ecologically sensitive Sandhills area of Nebraska , and is confident that the project will be approved yet . 	26
Manning responded that he would verbally express concern about issues and that the visiting officers would talk through the concerns and indicate that they would be addressed , but they did n't record the issues . 	The crew responded that they would verbally express concern about issues and that visiting officials would talk through the concerns and indicate that they would be addressed but not record the issues . 	27
Mission over , Congress ready to agree on Libya 	During the mission , the Congress willing to agree on Libya 	28
The language may sound innocuous , but nothing about the Libya debate has been easy so far . 	The language may seem innocuous , but nothing about the Libyan debate has been easy so far . 	29
Most Americans probably never give a thought to the fact that , in 1848 , the United States invaded Mexico and forced its leaders to sign over half their territory at the point of rifle . 	Most Americans will probably never reflect on the fact that , in 1848 , the United States invaded Mexico and forced its leaders to sign more than half of their territory at gunpoint . 	30
Mr Obama also has a part in getting Israel to the table . 	Mr. Obama also has a role in getting Israel to the table . 	31
It 's a cultural barrier with district attorneys , said Sean McAllister , a Denver lawyer who represents marijuana defendants and is a local spokesman for the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws . 	It is a cultural barrier with district attorneys , said Sean McAllister , a Denver lawyer who represents marijuana defendants and a local spokesman for the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws . 	32
Even from a very early age you can see that kids understand the message that the tobacco company is trying to sell through their branding , said the federal health minister , Tanya Plibersek , citing studies that showed , for example , children linking a crown in a logo with the idea of being a princess . 	Even from a very young age you can see children understand the message that the tobacco company is trying to sell through its image , federal health minister Tanya Plibersek said , citing studies showing , for example , children linking A crown on a logo with the idea of being a princess . 	33
During his first term , he neglected to present his own plan for peace . 	During his first term , he forgot to present his own peace plan . 	34
So , I would say , Gabby , you have not been beaten , '' ? '' Kelly said . 	So , I would say , Gabby , they have not been beaten , `` Kelly said . 	35
The writer A?N Wilson announced waggishly that I 'd departed because I was forced to drink out of chipped mugs . 	The writer A Wilson Waggishly announced that he had left because he was forced to drink stupid splinters . 	36
In March , 58 senators voted in favor of a non-binding resolution supporting the idea of such an amendment . 	In March , 58 senators voted in favor of a non-binding resolution that supports the idea of such an amendment . 	37
It 's a force that suffers low morale , poor readiness and is unable to keep up with potential adversaries . 	It is a force that suffers low morale , poor disposition and is unable to maintain with potential adversaries . 	38
Sales and marketing makes it more successful , so -LSB- it 's those kinds of people -RSB- who end up running companies and the product people get driven out of the decision-making forum . 	Sales and marketing makes more successful , so -LSB- it 's that kind of people -RSB- who end up companies and produce that people expelled from the adoption forum . 	39
The lawyer who will stand before the court and argue that the law should be thrown out is likely to be Paul Clement , who served as U.S. solicitor general during the George W. Bush administration . 	The lawyer who will appear before the court and argue that the law should be expelled is likely to be Paul Clement , who acted as attorney general of the United States during the administration of George W. Bush . 	40
Lee Howell , the managing director of the World Economic Forum , likewise questioned why India 's reserves should be used to keep Greece 's numerous and well-paid public sector workers in jobs in poorly managed , loss-making utilities like the railways . 	Lee Howell , the managing director of the World Economic Forum , also questioned why India 's reserves should be used to keep Greece 's numerous and public sector workers in well-paid jobs in poorly managed airline services such as railroads . 	41
The topic is a sensitive one for military leaders , who do not want to appear ungrateful or at odds with the public they serve . 	The issue is delicate for military leaders , who do not want to appear ungrateful or in contradiction with the public they serve . 	42
Half a day in an airport waiting for a flight is pretty tedious , even with the distractions of books , magazines and iPhones -LRB- not to mention duty-free shopping -RRB- . 	Half a day at an airport waiting for a flight is quite tedious , even with distractions from books , magazines and iPhones -LRB- not to mention tax-free sales -RRB- . 	43
The writer A?N Wilson announced waggishly that I 'd departed because I was forced to drink out of chipped mugs . 	The writer A Wilson Waggishly announced that he had left because he was forced to drink stupid splinters . 	44
It was appropriate to do it when the smallest number of people were in the park , he said . 	It is appropriate to do so when the fewest people were in the park , he said . 	45
Before , when you tried to survey people from the British National Party , it would be very difficult to identify them . 	Earlier , when it came to polling people from the British National Party , it would be very difficult to identify them . 	46
Around 5 a.m. , south of Pine Street , one protester jumped on the hood of a police car , and others were seen releasing the air from the tires of a police van . 	Around 5 am , south of Pine Street , a protester jumped on the hood of a police car , and others were seen releasing the air from the tires of a police van . 	47
It was uncomfortable , but for me I moved on a little bit after seeing and hearing the suspect . 	It was uncomfortable , but I advanced a little after seeing and hearing the suspect . 	48
Why coddle those twisty Palestinians by giving them a state of their own ? 	Why spoil the capricious Palestinians by giving them a state of their own ? 	49
Roseanna Monk said she stopped near the door and put her daughter down for a moment . 	Roseanna Monk said she left near the door and put her daughter for a moment . 	50
This renders the answer perceptual rather than factual and is often a red flag . 	This makes the most perceptual and objective response often a red flag . 	51
In diplomatic terms , America is as steadfast as ever ; many European countries also blamed Hamas for starting the latest round of violence . 	In diplomatic terms , the United States is as firm as ever ; Many European countries also blamed Hamas to start the latest round of violence . 	52
Moreover , conservatives argue that it 's Justice Elena Kagan who has an ethical issue , not Scalia and Thomas . 	In addition , conservatives argue that Justice Elena Kagan , who has an ethical problem , does not Scalia and Thomas . 	53
It could have been ten times its size , could have been the Microsoft of the 90s ... 	It could have been ten times its size , it could have been the Microsoft of the nineties ... 	54
The special traced Giffords 's recovery since the Jan. 8 shooting . 	The Giffords recovery trail since Jan. 8 shots . 	55
My government has a great commitment to the Mexican people to reduce the violence , Mr Pena Nieto told US President Barack Obama in the Oval Office earlier this week . 	My government has a strong commitment to the Mexican people to reduce violence , said Mr. Peña Nieto , US President Barack Obama , at the Oval Office earlier this week . 	56
Once at Quantico , Manning said , he spend most days in a small cell -- at least 21 hours and often more than 23 hours -- with no company . 	Once in Quantico , Manning said , he spent more days in a small cell - at least 21 hours and often more than 23 hours - with no company . 	57
Counts against Manning include aiding the enemy , wrongfully causing intelligence to be published on the Internet , transmitting national defense information and theft of public property or records . 	The charges against Manning include helping the enemy , wrongly causing intelligence to be posted on the Internet , the transmission of national defense information and the theft of public property or records . 	58
I was in a minority of one during my first few weeks at Oxford . 	I was in a minority of one during my first weeks at Oxford . 	59
Our identity might sometimes be fuzzy , but our loyalty is clear . 	Our identity can be confusing at times , but our loyalty is clear . 	60
But they were n't much more successful then than they are now . 	But they were not much more successful then they are now . 	61
What separates boredom from apathy , he said , is that the person is not engaged but wants to be . 	What separates boredom from apathy , he said , is that the person is not , but wants to be . 	62
The troops are lavished with praise for their sacrifices . 	The troops lavished praise on their sacrifices . 	63
Nobody knows why they do what they do , nobody thinks about things very deeply in business . 	No one knows why they do what they do , no one thinks of things very deeply in business . 	64
The purpose is to hold Patti LaBelle responsible for her conduct , Davis said . 	The goal is to celebrate Patti LaBelle responsible for his conduct , Davis said . 	65
While drug agents will probably not beat down doors to seize a small bag of the drug , they are likely to balk at allowing the state-regulated recreational marijuana shops allowed under the new laws , said Kevin A. Sabet , a former drug policy adviser in the Obama administration . 	While anti-drug agents will probably not knock on doors to seize a small drug bag , they are likely to be reluctant to allow state-regulated recreational marijuana stores allowed under the new laws , said Kevin A. Sabet , a former counselor Of drug policy in the Obama administration . 	66
Ha said Zico had sold up to 6,000 to wholesale outlets and was awaiting new stock . 	He said that Zico had sold up to 6,000 to wholesalers and was waiting for new shares . 	67
On improvising innovation : 	In improvising innovation : 	68
It 's time for the military to modernize as well , Burke says . 	It 's time for the military to modernize well , Burke says . 	69
The device has been widely written about before , but Jobs '' euphoria here in describing the Blue Box as an act of empowerment is infectious . 	The device has been widely written about before , but Jobs `` euphoria here in the description of the blue box as an act of empowerment is contagious . 	70
The most common verbal indicators are subtle . 	The most common indicators are subtle verbal . 	71
As long as we can ski in winter and go hiking in summer we are happy , says Anna . 	While we can ski in winter and hike in summer we are happy , says Anna . 	72
Tobacco firms said they would boost black market trade , leading to cheaper , more accessible cigarettes . 	Tobacco companies said it would boost trade in the black market , causing cheaper , more affordable cigarettes . 	73
She said in an aggressive tone , You should n't have left your daughter by the door , '' '' Roseanna Monk said . 	, Said in an aggressive tone , `` You should not have left your daughter out the door , '' Roseanna said Monk . 	74
Across the Capitol , the House is to vote this week on a constitutional amendment requiring a balanced budget , a top legislative priority of nearly every congressional Republican and some Democrats . 	On Capitol Hill , the House will vote this week on a constitutional amendment that requires a balanced budget , the top legislative priority of almost every Republican and some Congressional Democrats . 	75
Why coddle those twisty Palestinians by giving them a state of their own ? 	Why spoil the capricious Palestinians by giving them a state of their own ? 	76
In the interview with Sawyer , Giffords , who goes through two hours of therapy every day , said she has no memory of the day of the shooting . 	In the interview with Sawyer , Giffords , who goes through two hours of therapy every day , said he does not remember the day of the shooting . 	77
Moreno suggests that students ' peers , such as residential advisors , could monitor the site and intervene to help a student who posts one too many boozy status updates . 	Moreno suggests that students ' peers , as residential advisors , could control the site and intervene to help a student who posts one too many boozy status updates . 	78
During his job search , he said , he sensed that some interviewers had subtly inquired whether he would be able to hold up under the strain of a demanding Washington job immediately after his combat tour . 	During his job search , he said , he has the feeling that some interviewers had subtly asked if he would be able to keep under Washington pressure a demanding job immediately after his combat tour . 	79
Kagan has given no indication she will do so . 	Kagan has given no indication that he will . 	80
The other is whether a firm that was hired to conduct the original study was an inappropriate choice because it was tied to TransCanada . 	The other is whether a company that was hired to run the original study was an inadequate choice because it was linked to TransCanada . 	81
Although 55 percent of Colorado voters supported the measure , bringing recreational marijuana into the folds of government and the legal system was never going to be simple . 	Although 55 percent of Colorado voters supported the measure , marijuana for recreational purposes within the government and the legal system was not going to be easy . 	82
In future diplomacy Hamas may emerge as an actor that can not be shut out even by Israel and America . 	Hamas diplomacy in the future may emerge as an actor that can not be excluded even by Israel and the United States . 	83
While drug agents will probably not beat down doors to seize a small bag of the drug , they are likely to balk at allowing the state-regulated recreational marijuana shops allowed under the new laws , said Kevin A. Sabet , a former drug policy adviser in the Obama administration . 	While anti-drug agents will probably not knock on doors to seize a small drug bag , they are likely to be reluctant to allow state-regulated recreational marijuana stores allowed under the new laws , said Kevin A. Sabet , a former counselor Of drug policy in the Obama administration . 	84
There are also moments where Jobs '' perfectionism rises to the surface , where he seems impatient about Cringely 's questions , nudging him to move faster towards issues or subplots of greater import . 	There are also times when Jobs ' perfectionism rises to the surface , where he seems impatient over Cringely 's questions , urge him to move faster towards issues or subplots of greater import . 	85
We 've always been shameless about stealing great ideas . 	We have always been blatant about stealing great ideas . 	86
Congressman Olvera admits that after 12 years outside the presidential palace of Los Pinos , there is much expectation within the party about Enrique Pena Nieto . 	Congressman Olvera admits that after 12 years outside the presidential palace of Los Pinos , there is much expectation within the party over Enrique Peña Nieto . 	87
The servicemen and women were regarded as heroes , said David Saltzman , who organized the spring fundraiser . 	The men and women were considered as heroes , said David Saltzman , who organized the spring fundraiser . 	88
It 's an affirmation of bipartisan support for their democratic aspirations . 	It is a statement of bipartisan support for their democratic aspirations . 	89
Almost no one understands what 's happening , even why this war is to be fought . 	Almost no one understands what is happening , even why this war is to be fought . 	90
Although 55 percent of Colorado voters supported the measure , bringing recreational marijuana into the folds of government and the legal system was never going to be simple . 	Although 55 percent of Colorado voters supported the measure , marijuana for recreational purposes within the government and the legal system was not going to be easy . 	91
They would n't do that , not among my dreaming spires . 	Do not do it , do not enter my dream needles . 	92
At a City Council hearing last month , Schools Chancellor Dennis M. Walcott said the layoffs were a part of the budget they signed off on in June . 	City Council in a hearing last month , Schools Chancellor Dennis M. Walcott said the layoffs were a part of the budget was signed in June . 	93
That night , Manning testified , his underwear , flip-flops and glasses were removed from his cell . 	That night , Manning testified , his underwear , flip-flops , and glasses were removed from his cell . 	94
Norway does not often make it on to the global news agenda - and most seem to like it that way . 	Norway is not usually on the world news program , and most seem like that . 	95
Rakfisk is seen as signifying something important , a vital if rather smelly part of Norway 's past . 	Rakfisk is seen as something important , a vital if rather smelly part of Norway in the past . 	96
The growth since the early 1970s of one of the world 's biggest oil and gas industries lies behind much of Norway 's present-day wealth . 	Growth since the early 1970s in one of Norway 's largest oil and gas industries is behind much of today 's wealth . 	97
If they really ran the West Bank , would they not fire rockets , just as their compatriots have done in Gaza ? 	If you really are in the West Bank , do not you shoot rockets , just like your compatriots have done in Gaza ? 	98
That night , she says , she was asked to recount the details of her rape 11 separate times to a stream of police , doctors , and commanders . 	That night , he says , he was asked to relate the details of his rape 11 hours apart from a stream of police , doctors , and commanders . 	99
I told her , `` I have no interest in what you say or think . ' 	I told you , I have no interest in what you say or think . '' 	100
In the interview with Sawyer , Giffords , who goes through two hours of therapy every day , said she has no memory of the day of the shooting . 	In the interview with Sawyer , Giffords , who goes through two hours of therapy every day , said he does not remember the day of the shooting . 	101
Manning responded that he would verbally express concern about issues and that the visiting officers would talk through the concerns and indicate that they would be addressed , but they did n't record the issues . 	The crew responded that they would verbally express concern about issues and that visiting officials would talk through the concerns and indicate that they would be addressed but not record the issues . 	102
Across the Capitol , the House is to vote this week on a constitutional amendment requiring a balanced budget , a top legislative priority of nearly every congressional Republican and 	On Capitol Hill , the House will vote this week on a constitutional amendment that requires a balanced budget , the top legislative priority of almost every Republican and some Congressional Democrats . 	103
There will be serious unintended consequences from the legislation , said Scott McIntyre of British American Tobacco Australia . 	There will be serious undesirable consequences of legislation , said Scott McIntyre of British American Tobacco Australia . 	104
It could have been ten times its size , could have been the Microsoft of the 90s ... 	It could have been ten times its size , it could have been the Microsoft of the nineties ... 	105
That 's fair . 	It 's fair . 	106
You wo n't be happy here , he told me . 	You will not be happy here , he told me . 	107
Later , I settled on `` Mexican-American . '' 	Later , I settled on `` Mexican-American . '' 	108
On improvising innovation : 	In improvising innovation : 	109
While she 's a U.S. citizen , she sees herself as a part of two countries . 	While she is a US citizen , she sees herself as a part of the two countries . 	110
And in the United States , we 're considered Mexican . 	And in the United States , we are considering Mexicans . 	111
During the first few days of freshers '' week , when new students socialise with each other and the dons , I had a taste of the wormwood that was to come . 	During the first days of the week `` freshers , when the new students interacted with each other and the professors , I had a taste of the wormwood that was to come . 	112
Burke also says that since February , she has been contacted by nearly 400 other survivors , many of whom could be part of future suits . 	Burke also says that since February , he has been contacted by nearly 400 other survivors , many of whom could be part of future lawsuits . 	113
I had gone up in September 1986 , a cripplingly shy 18-year-old . 	I had been uploaded in September 1986 , a cripplingly shy 18 year old . 	114
He said vulnerable emerging markets needed to make `` contingency plans '' to protect themselves from a downturn and significant capital outflows from their economies . 	He said vulnerable emerging markets need to make `` contingency plans '' to protect themselves from recession and major outflows of capital from their economies . 	115
He 's a very straightforward man , very committed with an excellent vision of the country . 	He is a very simple man , very committed to an excellent vision of the country . 	116
And yet , for Mexico , the really challenging relationship is with the more than 35 million Mexican-Americans living in the United States . 	And yet , for Mexico , the relationship is really difficult with the more than 35 million American Mexicans living in the United States . 	117
There 's Latin graffiti about boredom on the walls of Pompeii dating from the first century . 	There are Latin paintings about boredom on the walls of Pompeii dating from the 21st century . 	118
The PRI ruled Mexico for seven decades until losing the presidency in 2000 . 	The PRI ruled Mexico for seven decades until it lost the presidency in 2000 . 	119
Anand Sharma , India 's minister of trade , said that `` India will do whatever it can '' to help the eurozone as its own economy was now suffering falling exports and a drying up of foreign capital inflows . 	Anand Sharma , India 's trade minister , said that `` India will do everything it can '' to help the euro area in its own economy is suffering the fall in exports and a reduction of foreign capital flows . 	120
It is not an option , it is an imperative , because where do we find employment for tens of millions of our young men and women . 	It is not an option , it is an imperative , because where we can find employment tens of millions of our young men and women . 	121
Hundreds of police officers were involved , some of them wearing riot helmets . 	Hundreds of police officers were involved , some of them wearing anti-riot helmets . 	122
Other observations are about an old Europe falling away , and about new types of terror . 	Other observations are of an old Europe falling away , and about the new types of terror . 	123
That the pragmatic Mr Morsi worked with Barack Obama to obtain a ceasefire augurs well - and might just mark the start of something . 	That pragmatic Mr. Morsi worked with Barack Obama to get a ceasefire is a good omen - and could usher in something . 	124
Not Mexico . 	In Mexico . 	125
But how to find them ? 	But how to find ? 	126
But assaults are notoriously underreported , and by the Pentagon 's own estimate , that figure accounts for approximately 13.5 percent of the estimated 19,000 incidents that occurred that year . 	But the assaults are notoriously publicized , and by the Pentagon 's own estimate , which represents approximately 13.5 % of the approximately 19,000 incidents this year . 	127
In 1997 he took up a professorship at the University of Bilkent , in Ankara , Turkey . 	In 1997 he took a chair at Bilkent University , Ankara , Turkey . 	128
The starkly conflicting impressions illustrate the uneasy relationship that has taken hold between the military and an often distant , sometimes adoring American public . 	The markedly antagonistic impressions illustrate the uncomfortable relationship that has been established between the military and often distant , sometimes adoring American public . 	129
On innovation as art form : 	In innovation as an art form : 	130
And `` that self-regulation transfers from one situation to other , '' he said . 	And `` that self-regulation transfers from one situation to another , '' he said . 	131
Mr. Englund 's volume joins an unconventional pantheon . 	Mr. Englund 's volume joins an unconventional pantheon . 	132
Nesheim also ordered police to hold Breivik in custody for 12 more weeks , banned him from accessing media for four weeks , and said that authorities will have tight control over all visits and correspondence for eight weeks . 	NESHEIM also ordered police to hold Breivik in custody for 12 more weeks , barred him from access to the media for four weeks , and said authorities will have strict control over all visits and correspondence for eight weeks . 	133
I am in the small town of Fagernes , about three hours from Oslo . 	I 'm in the small town of Fagernes , about three hours from Oslo . 	134
How do Tories have sex ? one asked . 	How do conservatives have sex ? One asked . 	135
Mr Obama also has a part in getting Israel to the table . 	Mr. Obama also has a role in getting Israel to the table . 	136
Us two , we did n't know much , but we could build a little thing that could control a giant thing - it was an incredible lesson , and I do n't think there would have ever been Apple without it . 	We two , we did not know much , but we can build a little thing that could control a giant , it was a lesson , and I do not think it would ever have been Apple without it . 	137
Norwegians find it very difficult to believe that in their peace-loving country one of their own was capable of such brutality and murder . 	The Norwegians find it very difficult to believe that in their peace-loving country one of their own was capable of such brutality and murder . 	138
Professor Larson said he did not know whether the boredom percentages now , 21 years later , would be higher or lower . 	Professor Larson said he did not know if boredom percentages now , 21 years later , would be higher or lower . 	139
First , observe your subject 's normal behavior . 	First , observe your normal behavioral theme . 	140
An amendment prohibiting same-sex marriage is a perennial offering , as is one prohibiting flag-burning . 	An amendment that prohibits same-sex marriage is a perennial offer , as it is one that prohibits flag-burning . 	141
Some stories are about honor and bravery . 	Some stories are one of honor and courage . 	142
In videos shot by Kelly in the first few weeks , she is seen in her hospital bed , her head shaved and a long scar across her forehead . 	In the videos recorded by Kelly in the first weeks , she is seen in her hospital bed , with her head shaved and a long scar on her forehead . 	143
On innovation as art form : 	In innovation as an art form : 	144
I stand in the snow and queue for something to eat - I have had enough rakfisk . 	I 'm in the snow and queuing for something to eat , I 've had enough rakfisk . 	145
Filmed before the era of Pixar , the iPod or the iPhone , there 's something eerily prescient about the Lost Interview , as Jobs assesses what he sees other companies doing right and wrong , and offers his own vision of the future of computing . 	Filmed before the Pixar era , the iPod and the iPhone , there is something eerily premonitory about the Lost Interview , as Jobs evaluates what he considers other companies doing good and evil , and offers his own vision of the future of computing . 	146
I do n't think we really want to celebrate boredom . 	I do not think we really want to celebrate boredom . 	147
The Foreign Relations Committee resolution `` congratulates the people of Libya for their tremendous courage and extraordinary resilience in liberating themselves '' and `` commends the men and women of the United States Armed Forces and their coalition partners who engaged in military operations to protect the people of Libya for their extraordinary bravery and professionalism . '' 	The resolution of the Foreign Affairs Committee `` commends the people of Libya for their tremendous courage and extraordinary resistance to liberation '' and `` congratulates the men and women of the United States Armed Forces and their coalition partners who participated in military operations To protect the people of Libya for their extraordinary courage and professionalism . '' 	148
Manning had testified that he was never given a chance to cover himself with his blanket during the head count . 	The crew had testified that he was never given a chance to cover himself with his blanket during the recount . 	149
Tough , tough , tough . 	Hard , hard , hard . 	150
And the contradictory reactions across the state lay bare a deep ambivalence among local officials about the state 's big green experiment . 	And contradictory reactions throughout the state reveal a deep ambivalence among local officials about the state of the great green experiment . 	151
I stumbled over it . 	I met him . 	152
On Monday , Breivik , who admitted to a killing spree in Norway in July which left 77 people dead , faced his first public court hearing . 	On Monday , Breivik , who admitted a massacre in Norway in July that left 77 dead , faces his first public hearing . 	153
If guards could not see his face when he rolled over at night , he said they would wake him to roll back over . 	If the guards could not see his face when they dragged him into the night , he said following him to push back . 	154
A war that is neither lost or won 	A war that is neither lost nor won 	155
It was my father who drove the nail into the coffin of my Oxford career . 	It was my father who drove the nail in the coffin of my Oxford career . 	156
First , observe your subject 's normal behavior . 	First , observe your normal behavioral theme . 	157
Facebook , too , is constantly tapping into its own population for data . 	Facebook , too , is constantly turning to its own data population . 	158
By reaching out through Facebook , Bartlett and his colleagues were able to survey over 10,000 followers of 14 far-right parties in 11 European countries - all without ever leaving the office . 	Through Facebook , Bartlett and his colleagues were able to study more than 10,000 followers from 14 far-right parties in 11 European countries - all without leaving the office . 	159
I object to the court because you received your mandate from organizations that support hate ideology and because it supports multiculturalism . 	I oppose the court because it has received its mandate from organizations that support the ideology of hate and because it supports multiculturalism . 	160
Give it a chance . 	Give it a try . 	161
Now the Senate may be ready to act . 	Now , the Senate can be ready to act . 	162
He said he tried to keep moving , because sleeping during the day or even lying down was against the rules . 	He said he tried to keep moving , because sleeping during the day or even lying down was against the rules . 	163
In an environment where we are constantly overstimulated , '' he said , `` it 's hard to find ways to engage when the noise shuts down . 	In an environment where we are constantly overstimulated , he said , `` it is difficult to find ways to participate when the noise goes out . '' 	164
Apart from the varying health warnings and images the only difference between the packs , mandatory from Saturday , are the brand names , and these are all printed in identical small font . 	Apart from the various health warnings and images of the only difference between packages , Saturday 's mandatory are the marks , and all of them are printed in identical small print . 	165
How much deceit do we encounter ? 	How much deceit do we find ourselves ? 	166
He has a vision for the way things could be and should be . 	He has a vision of how things could and should be . 	167
But what Apple fans might find most revealing in a recently rediscovered Jobs interview dusted off in advance of special movie screenings in major markets this week , is how much this creative mind understood about business processes and product workflows . 	But what Apple fans could find more revealing in a newly rediscovered Jobs interview again before the screening of special films in major markets this week , is how much this creative minds understood about business processes and product flows . 	168
A trained lie spotter can get to the truth by learning about statement structure , facial micro-expressions , question formation and timing . 	A lieter spotter training can come to the truth by learning about statement structure , facial micro-expressions , question training and timing . 	169
So I had plenty of time to think about the subject of boredom . 	So I 've had plenty of time to think about boredom . 	170
If at least some Mexicans are n't yet ready to forgive the United States for how it treated Mexico a century and a half ago , then they have to accept the fact that some Mexican-Americans still hold a grudge for how their family members were treated much more recently than that . 	If at least some Mexicans are still unwilling to forgive the United States for the way it treats Mexico a century and a half ago , then they have to accept the fact that some American Mexicans still have a grudge over how their family members were treated Recently much more than that . 	171
Such a large cut , applied in this indiscriminate manner , would render most of our ship and construction projects unexecutable -- you can not buy three quarters of a ship or a building -- and seriously damage other modernization efforts , Panetta wrote to the senators . 	A large cut , applied in this indiscriminate way , would make most of our boat and construction projects unexecutable - we can not buy three-quarters of a boat or a building - and serious damage to other modernization activities , Panetta wrote To the senators . 	172
The justices agreed to hear the suit ; indeed , a landmark 5 1/2 - hour argument is expected in March , and the outcome is likely to further roil the 2012 presidential race , which will be in full swing by the time the court 's decision is released . 	The magistrates agreed to hear the lawsuit ; In fact , a milestone 51 / such argument is expected in March , and the result is likely to further disrupt the 2012 presidential race , which will be in full swing by the time the court 's decision is released . 	173
As the first states to treat small amounts of marijuana like alcohol , Colorado and Washington are poised to become national test cases for drug legalization . 	As the first states to treat small amounts of marijuana such as alcohol , Colorado and Washington are poised to become national test cases for drug legalization . 	174
Cold and Inhuman : Anders Behring Breivik Makes First Public Court Appearance 	Cold And Inhuman : Anders Behring Breivik makes the first public appearance 	175
I ran away . 	I run away . 	176
Moreno suggests that students ' peers , such as residential advisors , could monitor the site and intervene to help a student who posts one too many boozy status updates . 	Moreno suggests that students ' peers , as residential advisors , could control the site and intervene to help a student who posts one too many boozy status updates . 	177
He says many were forced to leave Mexico because of the lack of opportunities there 	He says that many were forced to leave Mexico because of the lack of opportunities 	178
The atmosphere would have made a Stalinist shudder with apprehension . 	The atmosphere would have made a Stalinist shudder with apprehension . 	179
He wants to partner with the United States and Canada , and create a European Union-style trading bloc in North America . 	It wants to collaborate with the United States and Canada , and to create a European Union-style trade bloc in North America . 	180
Mr. Englund 's book is a deviation from standard history books . 	Mr. Englund 's book is a departure from the standard books of history . 	181
But how to find them ? 	But how to find ? 	182
First of all , like many people , I assumed that boredom was a relatively recent phenomenon , with the advent of more leisure time . 	First , like many people , I assumed that boredom is a relatively recent phenomenon , with the arrival of more leisure time . 	183
Many of these are about deprivation and making do . 	Many of them are about deprivation and do see . 	184
My government has a great commitment to the Mexican people to reduce the violence , Mr Pena Nieto told US President Barack Obama in the Oval Office earlier this week . 	My government has a strong commitment to the Mexican people to reduce violence , said Mr. Peña Nieto , US President Barack Obama , at the Oval Office earlier this week . 	185
The device has been widely written about before , but Jobs '' euphoria here in describing the Blue Box as an act of empowerment is infectious . 	The device has been widely written about before , but Jobs `` euphoria here in the description of the blue box as an act of empowerment is contagious . 	186
Mr. Browne said about 142 people were arrested in the park . 	Mr. Browne said about 142 people were detained in the park . 	187
It 's time for the military to modernize as well , Burke says . 	It 's time for the military to modernize well , Burke says . 	188
Xerox could have owned the entire computer industry . 	Xerox could be owned by the entire computer industry . 	189
The growth since the early 1970s of one of the world 's biggest oil and gas industries lies behind much of Norway 's present-day wealth . 	Growth since the early 1970s in one of Norway 's largest oil and gas industries is behind much of today 's wealth . 	190
It was Nov. 10 of last year when stagehand Kevin Monk , his kindergarten-teacher wife , Roseanna , and Genevieve were getting ready to go on a family trip . 	It was November 10 of last year when stagehand Kevin Monk , his wife kindergarten-teacher , Roseanna , and Genevieve were getting ready to go on a family trip . 	191
Her strategy : rather than piling all the plaintiffs into this case - putting all her eggs in one basket , so to speak - she will file multiple cases , if need be , to keep the pressure on . 	Your strategy : Instead of accumulating all the plaintiffs in this case - putting all the eggs in a single basket , so to speak , will present multiple cases , if necessary , to keep the pressure on . 	192
In telling a German schoolgirl 's story he says : `` Ersatz , everywhere ersatz . '' 	When telling a German schoolgirl the story says : `` Successive , everywhere surrogate . '' 	193
Separately , the nonprofit Vietnam Veterans of America is assembling a suit against the military that focuses on the `` personality disorder '' diagnoses assigned to rape victims in order to discharge them from service - a common occurrence , according to activists such as Anu Bhagwati of the Service Women 's Action Network , a human-rights group . 	Separately , the Vietnam Veterans of America profit is mounting a lawsuit against the military that focuses on the `` personality disorder '' diagnoses assigned to rape victims to exempt them from service , something common , according to activists such as Anu Bhagwati Women 's Service Action Network , a human rights group . 	194
I thought about that moment this week when Mexican president-elect Enrique Pena Nieto visited the White House to meet with President Obama . 	I thought at that time this week when Mexican President-elect Enrique Peña Nieto visited the White House to meet with President Obama . 	195
Maybe this will make their struggle bloodier than before . 	Maybe this will make your fight more bloody than before . 	196
It would be so much easier if he did . 	It would be much easier if he did . 	197
Baffled by the way costs were recorded - often beginning with a `` standard cost '' that amounted to a blind guess , which was then adjusted with a `` variance '' - he developed an automated factory that ensured they could determine business costs down to the second . 	Surprised at the way costs were recorded , often starting with a `` standard cost '' that amounted to a blind guess , which has then been adjusted with a `` difference '' , it has developed an automated factory that said it could determine the costs To the second . 	198
Per a 1950 Supreme Court ruling called the Feres Doctrine , the federal government is not liable for injury sustained by active-duty personnel . 	For a ruling of the Supreme Court of 1950 called the Feres Doctrine , the federal government is not responsible for the injuries suffered by the personnel whose authors are . 	199
I 'm sure it 's all just a tease . 	I 'm sure it 's all a joke . 	200
Even more tragic is that it was Oxford , which not only produced 14 Tory prime ministers , but , to this day , hides behind an ill-deserved reputation for equality and freedom of thought . 	Even more tragic is that it was Oxford , which not only produced 14 conservative prime ministers but , to this day , hides behind a well-deserved reputation for equality and freedom of thought . 	201
The 1,700-mile pipeline would extend from Canada to the Gulf of Mexico . 	The 1,700-mile pipeline would expand from Canada to the Gulf of Mexico . 	202
The atmosphere would have made a Stalinist shudder with apprehension . 	The atmosphere would have made a Stalinist shudder with apprehension . 	203
I 'm afraid you 're on your own , amigos . 	I 'm afraid you 're on your own , friends . 	204
He said not being allowed to know what was happening to him or in the outside world was distressing . 	He said he could not know what was happening to him or in the outside world was worrying . 	205
Above all , Israel has prospered , especially under Binyamin Netanyahu , a prime minister who has largely ignored the peace process . 	Above all , Israel has prospered , especially in Binyamin Netanyahu , a prime minister who has largely ignored the peace process . 	206
He said he tried to keep moving , because sleeping during the day or even lying down was against the rules . 	He said he tried to keep moving , because sleeping during the day or even lying down was against the rules . 	207
Their situation was n't helped by a recent BBC Two documentary , Wonderland : Young , Bright and on the Right , about student politics , which portrayed Tories as oddballs and neo-Nazis . 	His situation was not helped by a recent BBC Two documentary , Wonderland : Young , Bright and Right , on student politics , portraying conservatives as capricious and neo-Nazi . 	208
List price for six of those is more than $ 1 billion . 	Price of six of them is more than a billion dollars . 	209
The union representing hundreds of school support workers who lost their jobs last month plans to sue the city on Wednesday , claiming the layoffs were unnecessary and discriminatory because of their disproportionate impact on schools that serve poor students . 	The union representing hundreds of schoolchildren to support workers who lost their jobs last month plans to sue the city on Wednesday , claiming that layoffs were unnecessary and discriminatory because of their disproportionate impact on schools serving poor students . 	210
Tobacco firms said they would boost black market trade , leading to cheaper , more accessible cigarettes . 	Tobacco companies said it would boost trade in the black market , causing cheaper , more affordable cigarettes . 	211
Rakfisk is trout sprinkled with salt and fermented in water for - depending on how smelly you like your fish - up to a year . 	The Rakfisk trout was sprinkled with water and salt on sour to - depending on how you like your smelly fish - up to a year . 	212
Norwegians find it very difficult to believe that in their peace-loving country one of their own was capable of such brutality and murder . 	The Norwegians find it very difficult to believe that in their peace-loving country one of their own was capable of such brutality and murder . 	213
This poses a threat to the atmosphere of intellectual discussion , as well as to the welfare of members , she says . 	This poses a threat to the atmosphere of intellectual debate as well as to the well-being of its members , he says . 	214
Mr. Englund discussed the soldiers who actively tried to catch a venereal disease from prostitutes as a way to evade service at the front . 	Mr. Englund discussed the soldiers he actively sought to capture a venereal disease of prostitutes as a way to evade service on the front . 	215
The last amendment to be added - the 27th - was ratified in 1992 , but it was actually proposed by Congress in 1789 . 	The last amendment to be added - 27 - was ratified in 1992 , but was actually proposed by Congress in 1789 . 	216
Deceptive individuals might also use distancing language : '' I did not have sexual relations with that woman ... Miss Lewinsky '' or repeat a hard question in its entirety . 	Misleading individuals could also use distancing : `` I did not have sex with that woman , Miss Lewinsky ... '' or repeat a difficult question in its entirety . 	217
Norway does not often make it on to the global news agenda - and most seem to like it that way . 	Norway is not usually on the world news program , and most seem like that . 	218
They have a natural hedge , he said . 	They have natural coverage , he said . 	219
On falling in love with technology -LRB- and cold-calling Bill Hewlett -RRB- : 	Falling in love with technology -LRB- and cold-calling Bill Hewlett -RRB- : 	220
The man expected to represent the PRI in the presidential race , Enrique Pena Nieto , speaking from Washington , congratulated Vallejo and said , `` I think this victory should be very encouraging , looking ahead to next year . '' 	The man waits to represent the PRI in the presidential race , Enrique Pena Nieto , speaking from Washington , congratulated Vallejo and said : `` I think this victory should be very encouraging , for the coming year . '' 	221
Former presidential candidate John Edwards has been charged with campaign finance violations connected to the cover-up of an extramarital affair . 	Former presidential candidate John Edwards has been accused of violations related to funding the cover-up campaign for an extramarital affair . 	222
Or until we die , whichever comes first . 	Or until they die , whatever the first . 	223
It 's not so much a book about what happened , he explains , as `` a book about what it was like . '' It 's about `` feelings , impressions , experiences and moods . '' 	It 's not so much a book about what happened , he explains , as `` a book about what it was like . '' These are `` feelings , impressions , experiences and moods '' . 	224
In recent days , Italy 's borrowing costs have soared dangerously and the prime ministers of both Italy and Greece have resigned . 	In recent days , Italy 's borrowing costs have risen dangerously and the prime ministers of Italy and Greece have resigned . 	225
Once at Quantico , Manning said , he spend most days in a small cell -- at least 21 hours and often more than 23 hours -- with no company . 	Once in Quantico , Manning said , he spent more days in a small cell - at least 21 hours and often more than 23 hours - with no company . 	226
Europe 's monetary union has been badly undermined by a sovereign debt crisis in past months . 	The European monetary union has been badly affected by a sovereign debt crisis in recent months . 	227
We do n't want to be put in a position where we license somebody and then have a big federal issue , said Bob Nicholson , a City Council member . 	We do not want to be put in a position where someone 's license and then have a big federal problem , said Bob Nicholson , a member of the City Council . 	228
What they want is that one simply accepts what they say and shuts up . 	What they want is that one simply accepts what they say and closes . 	229
Colorado has a more regulated market , so they will be a good guide , said Brian E. Smith , a spokesman for the Washington State Liquor Control Board . 	Colorado has a regulated market , so it will be a good guide , said Brian E. Smith , a spokesman for the Washington State Alcohol Control Board . 	230
In 1991 , Reed Larson , a professor of human and community development at the University of Illinois , conducted an experiment in which he contacted almost 400 teenagers and their parents seven to eight times a day by beeper . 	In 1991 , Reed Larson , a professor of human and community development at the University of Illinois , conducted an experiment in which he contacted nearly 400 teens and their parents seven to eight times a day of paging . 	231
But what Apple fans might find most revealing in a recently rediscovered Jobs interview dusted off in advance of special movie screenings in major markets this week , is how much this creative mind understood about business processes and product workflows . 	But what Apple fans could find more revealing in a newly rediscovered Jobs interview again before the screening of special films in major markets this week , is how much this creative minds understood about business processes and product flows . 	232
About 28 people were on the northern perimeter . 	About 28 people were in the northern perimeter . 	233
Israel 's defence budget is bigger than that of its four Arab neighbours combined . 	Israel 's defense budget is greater than that of its four combined Arab neighbors . 	234
Tucked away under motorway flyovers , it is in many ways a suburb of Mexico City itself . 	Tucked under the freeway overpasses , it is , in many ways , a suburb of Mexico City . 	235
Mr. Englund 's book is a deviation from standard history books . 	Mr. Englund 's book is a departure from the standard books of history . 	236
Tough , tough , tough . 	Hard , hard , hard . 	237
But no 18-year-old should be subject to such intimidation and vitriol in an educational institution . 	But not 18 years and should be subject to this type of intimidation and virulence in an educational institution . 	238
The last amendment to be added - the 27th - was ratified in 1992 , but it was actually proposed by Congress in 1789 . 	The last amendment to be added - 27 - was ratified in 1992 , but was actually proposed by Congress in 1789 . 	239
Cold and Inhuman : Anders Behring Breivik Makes First Public Court Appearance 	Cold And Inhuman : Anders Behring Breivik makes the first public appearance 	240
Mr. Kelly , while present , was `` not directing operations , '' Mr. Browne said . 	Mr. Kelly , while at present , was `` not directing operations , '' said Mr. Browne . 	241
The Budget Control Act , which passed in August , required that both the House and Senate vote on a balanced budget amendment . 	The Budgetary Control Act , passed in August , requires both the House and Senate to vote on a balanced budget amendment . 	242
Traffic in Mexico City is particularly bad at present . 	Traffic in Mexico City is particularly bad today . 	243
The 1,700-mile pipeline would extend from Canada to the Gulf of Mexico . 	The 1,700-mile pipeline would expand from Canada to the Gulf of Mexico . 	244
We are staunchly opposed to this draconian action , the senators said in a joint statement Monday afternoon when they released Panetta 's letter . 	We are firmly opposed to these draconian measures , the senators said in a joint statement Monday afternoon when Panetta 's letter was issued . 	245
Indeed Hamas is gaining on the West Bank , the other bit of Palestine currently run by its bitter rivals in Fatah , the more moderate Palestinian faction . 	In fact it is winning from Hamas in the West Bank , the other bit of Palestine currently run by its bitter rivals Fatah , the most moderate Palestinian faction . 	246
But assaults are notoriously underreported , and by the Pentagon 's own estimate , that figure accounts for approximately 13.5 percent of the estimated 19,000 incidents that occurred that year . 	But the assaults are notoriously publicized , and by the Pentagon 's own estimate , which represents approximately 13.5 % of the approximately 19,000 incidents this year . 	247
And then again , no one who lived through it will ever forget the media circus President Bill Clinton unleashed by lying during his second term in office about his sexual involvement with Monica Lewinsky . 	And then , once again , no one who lived will forget the media circus President Bill Clinton unleashed by lying during his second term on his sexual relationship with Monica Lewinsky . 	248
The report , released in March , also examines prosecution rates : in 2010 , 20 percent of reported cases in the military went to trial - half the rate of the civilian justice system . 	The report , published in March , also examines prosecution rates : In 2010 , 20 % of the reported cases in the military were on trial , half the civil justice system rate . 	249
First of all , like many people , I assumed that boredom was a relatively recent phenomenon , with the advent of more leisure time . 	First , like many people , I assumed that boredom is a relatively recent phenomenon , with the arrival of more leisure time . 	250
