there exist a number of different possible event that may happen in the future . in most case , there be a agent involve who have to consider which of the possible event will or should occur . a salient_entity which be deeply involve in the event may also be mention . 	do as one please or choose ; 	1
this frame contian lus which be like those of the desirability frame except the evaluee incorporate the parameter as `` associate with a percieved place in a social heirarchy '' for all lus . lus be not restricted to positive or negative implication . 	be or characteristic of or appropriate to everyday language ; 	2
a recipient start off without the theme in they possession , and then come to possess it . although the source from which the theme come be logically necessary , the recipient and its change relationship to the theme be profile . 	win something through one 's effort ; 	3
this frame concern a specific subset of instance of a type which be evaluate in term of they similarity to a conceptual prototype of the type . the judgment of exemplariness may be make along a certain domain . 	a standard or typical example ; 	4
this frame contain word that describe a item 's static position on a scale with respect to some property variable . 	lack in specific resource , quality or substance ; 	5
this frame describe a perceiver who fail to keep sight of a theme . the focus of this frame be the perceiver , which appear in subject position . this frame contrast with the oppose perspective in losing_track_of_perceiver , where the perceiver be the object and the theme be the subject . 	place -lrb- something -rrb- where one can not find it again ; 	6
a person take leave from he or she routine activity -lrb- such as work or school -rrb- for a duration of time . the duration can be any length of time , as long as the absence be temporary . 	failure to be present 	7
a trigger elicit a response . the response may either be some kind of action mean to address the trigger event or a express judgment of the trigger event . 	meet by design ; be present at the arrival of ; 	8
a text be a entity that contain linguistic , symbolic information on a topic , create by a author at the time_of_creation . it may be a physical entity that be make of a certain material etc. it may be construct for a honoree . 	a account of the series of event make up a person 's life 	9
a offerer indicate that he or she be able and willing to give a theme to a potential_recipient . in the absence of further qualification , it be often understand that the potential_recipient accept the theme . 	provide -lrb- usually but not necessarily food -rrb- ; 	10
this frame cover word that name location as define politically , or administratively . 	territory over which rule or control be exercise ; 	11
a agent actively -lrb- yet not always with success -rrb- attempt to keep a event from take place . this event be -lrb- usually -rrb- a urge which encourage the action that the agent wish to prevent . 	abstain from do ; always use with a negative ; 	12
lus in this frame denote a scenario in which a client arrange to retain the service of a organization at a later date . 	engage for a performance ; 	13
the word in this frame describe a period of time , as oppose to a point in time . 	the period during which something be functional -lrb- as between birth and death -rrb- ; 	14
a agent have attempt to achieve a goal , and the actual outcome of the agent 's action have be resolve , so that it either specifically match the agent 's intent -lrb- e.g. success -rrb- or do not match it -lrb- e.g. failure -rrb- . 	have succeed or be mark by a favorable outcome ; 	15
a cognizer have a judgment of a evaluee , express how high or low they regard for the evaluee be . 	come to believe on the basis of emotion , intuition , or indefinite grounds ; 	16
a controlling_entity be in conscious control over a dependent_entity , dependent_situation , or dependent_variable . 	discipline in personal and social activity ; 	17
this be the primary frame evoke by the cardinal number . 	a concept of quantity involve zero and unit ; 	18
this frame have to do with people -lrb- the resident -rrb- reside in location , sometimes with a co-resident . 	inhabit or live in ; be a inhabitant of ; 	19
a speaker realize a sign , usually a linguistic one , in some formal_realization . the formal_realization may be describe as correct or incorrect in a judgment expression , or it may be partially indicate as a part_of_form . manner may be use as a more general indication of the formal_realization 	-lrb- phonetics -rrb- a individual sound unit of speech without concern as to whether or not it be a phoneme of some language 	20
a living entity intend a tool to be able to fulfill a generic purpose . the material from which the tool be create can be something natural or something manmade , include another tool . 	what something be use for ; 	21
this frame describe a sufferer who experience the loss of someone through death . the lus in this frame imply a strong emotional connection between the sufferer and the decease . 	suffer the loss of a person through death or removal ; 	22
this frame contain -lrb- transparent -rrb- noun that be unit of measurement for time . the frame element be count , unit and process . in this frame , we will not annotate deictic , calendric use of noun like week , month , etc. as in `` next week , this month , in the 21st century '' . 	a period of time consider as a resource under you control and sufficient to accomplish something ; 	23
while in motion , a impactor make sudden , forcible contact with the impactee , or two impactor both move , mutually make forcible contact . 	hit against ; come into sudden contact with ; 	24
a customer request a entity from a supplier . the customer can order the entity himself or via a medium . 	a request for something to be make , supply , or serve ; 	25
this frame concern people be in a altered mental state that be induce by a intoxicant . 	slightly and pleasantly intoxicate from alcohol or a drug -lrb- especially marijuana -rrb- 	26
in this frame a group of individual intentionally come together to form a group . alternatively , a grammatically more prominent party_1 assemble with a party_2 , express as a oblique phrase . if this asymmetric construal be choose , purpose only relate to party_1 . 	satisfy a condition or restriction ; 	27
this frame contain noun denote aggregate of individual . the aggregate may be describe by a aggregateproperty . 	a group of people -lrb- often temporary -rrb- have a common purpose ; 	28
there be a gradable amount of light in a particular location . in some case the source of light may be indicate instead of the location . the negetive lus in this frame can be use metaphorically to describe time period which can be characterize as bad or lack in awareness , as show in the follow example 	devoid of or deficient in light or brightness ; shadow or black ; 	29
a customer request a entity from a supplier . the customer can order the entity himself or via a medium . 	a commercial document use to request someone to supply something in return for payment and provide specification and quantity ; 	30
a recordable sequence of event be associate with a give topic . 	the continuum of event occur in succession lead from the past to the present and even into the future ; 	31
a entity be in a specify state . when not explicitly specify , the state usually concern the entity 's health , repair of function . the state be also often assess with a evaluation and it may be specify to apply only to a particular parameter of the entity . 	the way something be with respect to its main attribute ; 	32
this frame contain word that describe how potent a chemical be . 	have a strong physiological or chemical effect ; 	33
this frame describe intentionally form human social group -lrb- here term organization -rrb- with some definite structure and member . they may be relatively informal , consist only of a group of individual who be aware of who be and who be not a fellow member , or they may be complex and long-lasting , such as the roman catholic church or the conservative party . 	a committee have supervisory power ; 	34
this frame contain word that describe a item 's static position on a scale with respect to some property variable . 	greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount ; 	35
a benefactor confer a beneficial_situation to a beneficiary . unlike in commerce_scenario , the recipient be not necessarily require to pay for the good or service that they receive . therefore , the element of benevolence be profile . dual fe-layer annotation 	financial assistance in time of need 	36
a entity be consider worthy of mention for they ability or influence among some type of similar entity . the entity need not be well-known or famous , though if it be , it may be state by its name only . they worth may be restricted to a time or place . 	of major significance or importance ; 	37
these be word refer to control by a leader over a particular entity -lrb- the govern -rrb- or a activity . the frame contain both noun refer to a title or position -lrb- e.g. director , king , president -rrb- , and verb describe the action of leadership -lrb- e.g. rule , reign -rrb- . with verb , it be possible to mention the role play by the leader -lrb- often a name of a lead position , e.g. , king -rrb- 	exercise authority over ; as of nation ; 	38
a object theme move in the direction of a goal . the goal may be express or it may be understand from context , but its be always imply by the verb itself . 	succeed in reach ; arrive at ; 	39
this frame contain word that describe a set of individual which possess some commonality , generally a common attribute . 	belong to or participate in by a community as a whole ; public ; 	40
a employee have a position do work in a particular field , or do work on a particular task , for which a employer give compensation to the employee . 	the occupation for which you be pay ; 	41
a current_instance of a certain type be under discussion . this instance be evaluate as be the same instance or a different instance from a previous_instance encounter in a previous_context . 	unlike in nature or quality or form or degree ; 	42
this frame contain word that denote kinship relation . in annotate the directional use of these word , we use the standard term from anthropology , ego and alter . matilde be gilberto 's cousin once remove 	a social unit live together ; 	43
the entity interact with the theme with the effect of move of the theme . 	-lrb- physiology -rrb- regulation or maintenance of a function or action or reflex etc ; 	44
a theme traverse a trajectory . this trajectory consist of a source , path , and goal . if the theme be sentient , the anticipated trajectory will usually be equivalent to the plan trajectory . if the the theme be non-sentient the anticipated trajectory will usually be the result of various force act upon the theme . 	a line lead to a place or point ; 	45
this frame contain verb and noun that communicate the act of a speaker to address a message to some addressee use language . a number of the word can be use performatively , such as declare and insist . 	make a proposal , declare a plan for something ; 	46
a entity change from a prior_state to a post_state in a sequence lead to improvement . 	a process in which something pass by degree to a different stage -lrb- especially a more advanced or mature stage -rrb- ; 	47
a experiencer actualize a certain pattern of behavior , a lifestyle , which persist for a significant period of time in the experiencer 's life and be recognize as part of he character or normal routine . the lifestyle be not necessarily realize intentionally , and may just be the result of circumstance . 	lead a certain kind of life ; live in a certain style ; 	48
a certain idiosyncrasy belong to a entity distinguish it from other entity . 	unique or specific to a person or thing or category ; 	49
this frame describe a particular instance of a event . 	a instance or single occasion for some event ; 	50
a entity have a temperature characterize by the target . the temperature be a value of the temperature attribute . note that in this frame , the entity do not experience the temperature , but be merely describe as be in a certain externally verifiable state . be not in frame but rather in subjective_temperature 	have or produce a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintain heat ; 	51
this frame contain noun denote aggregate of individual . the aggregate may be describe by a aggregateproperty . 	a collection of thing share a common attribute ; 	52
a agent occupy a role in some institution . this roleis -lrb- usually -rrb- temporary and can be occupy by other entity at different period of time . it be common for a duration of the role to be mentionn . 	do duty or hold office ; serve in a specific function ; 	53
a figure be located relative to a ground location . the location of the figure may be further specify by its distance from a reference location -lrb- generally , the deictic center -rrb- and the direction in which the figure lie from a reference location -lrb- generally , the deictic center -rrb- . 	be adjacent or come together ; 	54
this frame describe a social event where there may or may not be a permanent or semi-permanent relationship between participant . additionally , participant in this frame be express in one representative fe , attendee . note the difference between this frame and social_event_individuals , where participant be grammatically separate . 	a participant in a date ; 	55
this frame contain item which , when manipulate , alter the funtion of some device , internal or external . 	a mechanism that control the operation of a machine ; 	56
this frame describe a general situation in which a owner either increase or decrease they amount of a possession . the increase or decrease may either be physical or metaphorical . 	fail to keep or to maintain ; cease to have , either physically or in a abstract sense ; 	57
a entity be integrate into a vehicle as a part of a -lrb- possibly unexpressed -rrb- whole which may refer to the whole vehicle or merely to a sub-part of the vehicle . 	a transparent opening in a vehicle that allow vision out of the side or back ; usually be capable of be open 	58
this frame contain word that describe specific aspect of a color . the degree to which the color be discuss deviate from the prototype may be mark . the description may also target a specific aspect of color . 	-lrb- use of color -rrb- have a dark hue ; 	59
a record that contain a permanent account of datum . this record may be maintain by a recorder for a certain entity . 	a record in which commercial account be record ; 	60
this frame cover word for body_part -lrb- s -rrb- -lrb- bp -rrb- belong to a possessor -lrb- poss -rrb- , which may be characterize by a descriptor -lrb- desc -rrb- . the location of the bp may be identify in term of its attachment or its orientational_location . a subregion of a bp may also be indicate . 	the front of the human head from the forehead to the chin and ear to ear ; 	61
a agent perform a response action in consequence of a trigger event . in many case , a non-agentive responding_entity cause the response after the trigger occur . 	contend against a opponent in a sport , game , or battle ; 	62
a protagonist be in the dynamic , maintained state of be alive or have exit this state . 	the condition of living or the state of be alive ; 	63
a agent act so as to be the strongest force , or most important causal factor in some situation , to the exclusion of other compete actor . 	be larger in number , quantity , power , status or importance ; 	64
a entity aid in the successful completion of a purpose . its degree of utility may also be express . some of the lexical unit in this frame -lrb- e.g. great , good -rrb- can only express permanent , generic state of the entity . 	of good quality and condition ; solidly build ; 	65
a agent cause a impactor to make sudden , forcible contact with a impactee , or manipulate two -lrb- or more -rrb- impactor so that they make mutual forcible contact . 	drive something violently into a location ; 	66
a experiencer sens different degree of warmth that may or may not be relate to the ambient temperature . the level of warmth be usually compare against the experiencer 's subjective standard of comfort . 	have or produce a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintain heat ; 	67
a protagonist be in the dynamic , maintained state of be alive or have exit this state . 	have life , be alive ; 	68
a prisoner be punish for commit a crime by be confine to a prison for a specified period of time . 	spend time in prison or in a labor camp ; 	69
in this frame a speaker ask a addressee for something , or to carry out some action . 	give instruction to or direct somebody to do something with authority ; 	70
the temperature in a certain environment , determine by time and place , be specify . 	have or produce a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintain heat ; 	71
a state_of_affairs be evaluate as good -lrb- or bad -rrb- , against a background assumption that previously , the state_of_affairs be think to be unlikely to occur . the state_of_affairs hold for a particular protagonist . 	deserving or incite pity ; 	72
a agent make use of a means -lrb- either a action or a -lrb- system of -rrb- entity stand in for the action -rrb- in order to achieve a purpose . -lrb- this frame may be broaden to include non-agentive intermediate action . -rrb- 	how a result be obtain or a end be achieve ; 	73
a developer develop a product , in some case for a company . 	act of improve by expand or enlarge or refining ; 	74
a text be a entity that contain linguistic , symbolic information on a topic , create by a author at the time_of_creation . it may be a physical entity that be make of a certain material etc. it may be construct for a honoree . 	a record or narrative description of past event ; 	75
a influencing_variable , a influencing_situation , or a influencing_entity have a influence on a dependent_entity , dependent_variable , or a dependent_situation . compare to subjective_influence . word in objective_influence be use to make claim about correlation in the world , where word in subjective_influence be use to explain emotional impact make on cognizer . 	the effect of one thing -lrb- or person -rrb- on another ; 	76
a entity be able to exert a force of the magnitude specify by the target . 	have little impact ; 	77
this frame be concern with transparent noun denote a piece of a substance . also present be piece_prop which be a property of the piece , e.g. relate to its size . 	a print circuit that can be insert into expansion slot in a computer to increase the computer 's capability 	78
a speaker address a audience on a particular topic . the audience be generally passive , although for many type of address -lrb- include academic talk and press conference -rrb- , a discussion or question-answer period be virtually always require . 	narrate or give a detailed account of ; 	79
the word -lrb- s -rrb- in this frame detail a particular moment in time.these often occur with demonstrative such as this and that . 	the specify day of the month ; 	80
this frame be concern with noun denote a part or part of a whole entity . the part be not define relative to the whole 's orientation , center , or edge and be not order . we also annotate property of the part , e.g. relate to its size . 	-lrb- music -rrb- the section of a composition or movement -lrb- especially in sonata form -rrb- where the major musical theme be develop and elaborate 	81
a entity be design for or exist to perform a activity or fulfill a role . 	serve a purpose , role , or function ; 	82
a place define by a owner . 	the land on which real estate be located ; 	83
a law regulate activity or state of affair within a jurisdiction , dictate what require state should be the case and what forbid state should not . often it also indicate negative consequence for individual that violate it , and these negative consequence be generally enforce by some official authority . they may or may not be create by some official legislative body . 	a body of rule follow by a assembly 	84
the authority put a prisoner in prison as punishment for a offense . 	the period of time a prisoner be imprison ; 	85
ambient condition of temperature , precipitation , windiness , and sunniness pertain at a certain place and time . further specification of the condition that pertain may also be indicate . 	free of cloud or rain ; 	86
a individual or group -lrb- practitioner -rrb- or a part of they work life -lrb- work -rrb- be define professionally by the activity that they typically engage in . alternatively , the activity may be indicate by a salient_entity conventionally associate with it . 	the discipline that record and interpret past event involve human being ; 	87
a particular piece of information be evaluate for its accuracy . the degree of correctness may also be express . the source of information may also metonymically stand in for the information . 	consistent with fact or reality ; not false ; 	88
this frame contain adjective and noun that describe the truth or sincerity of communication . these word , analogously to behaver-evaluating word , can apply either to speaker or to the message they produce . they can occur with about-pp express topic . 	worthy of be depend on ; 	89
this frame be for object , physical or otherwise , which be use to grant access to some location or function . 	a sequence of number or letter that open a combination lock ; 	90
a entity have the ability to contain a theme . 	be use by ; as of a utility ; 	91
this frame contain word that denote kinship relation . in annotate the directional use of these word , we use the standard term from anthropology , ego and alter . matilde be gilberto 's cousin once remove 	family base on male descent ; 	92
two individual , the subordinate and the superior have a relationship such that the subordinate generally follow order give by the superior and have the best interest of the superior in mind . 	work for or be a servant to ; 	93
lus in this frame denote a period of time in which a enabled_action become possible . the duration of this time period can be both exact and inexact . a agent who perform the enabled_action may be mention as well . 	the time period that be consider best for start or finish something ; 	94
this frame be concern with word that describe a person base on a salient part of they body . 	-lrb- use of hair or skin -rrb- pale or light-colored ; ; 	95
in this frame , there be a part of a whole in which the part be define with respect to the canonical or inherent orientation of the whole . in case where the target be a adjective , it have a special relationship with the noun that it modify such that a phrase which be a syntactic argument of the noun be semantically available to fill the argument structure of the adjective , as in 	the striking or work surface of a implement 	96
a event take place at a place and time . 	a recent event that have some relevance for the present situation ; 	97
there be a certain physical distance within which some other entity can participate in a event -lrb- typically perception or manipulation -rrb- with the participant . alternatively , the event may be indicate metonymically by a instrument . -lsb- note the connection with * distance , sufficiency , and capability . word in this frame can generally be paraphrase `` close enough to be able to '' . -rsb- 	a range of mental vision ; 	98
in this frame a part be part of a larger whole comprise of part that be order . the part can be order temporally -lrb- first to last and vice versa -rrb- or vertically -lrb- down to up and vice versa -rrb- . the part can be modify by the part_prop or the number of the part can be give by ordinality . 	a major division of a long write composition ; 	99
a competitor claim a prize as a result of the outcome of they participation in a competition . 	be the winner in a contest or competition ; be victorious ; 	100
a entity be able to exert a force of the magnitude specify by the target . 	have strength or power greater than average or expect ; 	101
a artifact be deliberately make or modify by a intelligent entity to be put to a certain kind of use . various property of the artifact may be specify , such as its creator , time_of_creation , name , type , and the material of which it be compose . the artifact may or may not be a physical entity . 	a stout length of sawn timber ; make in a wide variety of size and use for many purpose 	102
a helper benefit a benefited_party by enable the culmination of a goal that the benefited_party have . a focal_entity that be involve in reach the goal may stand in for it . 	give help or assistance ; be of service ; 	103
a speaker realize a sign , usually a linguistic one , in some formal_realization . the formal_realization may be describe as correct or incorrect in a judgment expression , or it may be partially indicate as a part_of_form . manner may be use as a more general indication of the formal_realization 	speak , pronounce , or utter in a certain way ; 	104
this frame cover word that name location as define politically , or administratively . 	the territory occupy by a nation ; 	105
the support , a phenomenon or fact , lend support to a claim or propose course of action , the proposition , where the domain_of_relevance may also be express . some of the word in this frame -lrb- e.g. argue -rrb- be communication word use in a non-communicative , epistemic sense . 	establish the validity of something , as by a example , explanation or experiment ; 	106
the authority put a prisoner in prison as punishment for a offense . 	a prison term last as long as the prisoner live ; 	107
a agent manipulate a instrument in order to achieve a purpose . 	put into service ; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose ; 	108
this frame concern a cognizer 's certainty about the correctness of belief or expectation . it only include use where a cognizer be express . 	be aware of the truth of something ; have a belief or faith in something ; regard as true beyond any doubt ; 	109
the word in this frame describe situation in which a agent or a cause injure a victim . the body_part of the victim which be most directly affect may also be mention in the place of the victim . in such case , the victim be often indicate as a genitive modifier of the body_part , in which case the victim fe be indicate on a second fe layer . 	deliver a sharp blow , as with the hand , fist , or weapon ; 	110
a useful_location be accessible to some -lrb- possibly generic -rrb- theme despite a potential barrier , or be not accessible because of the barrier . 	have skin rich in melanin pigment ; 	111
in a text , a source_of_information be give that provide a reader of the text with further information relevant to the text . in this frame the author and reader be completely deprofile , with the source_of_information make salient . 	seek information from ; 	112
a speaker interpret a write text and speak the contents , usually to a addressee . the contents may be the text verbatim or a representation of the text . 	look at , interpret , and say out loud something that be write or print ; 	113
word in this frame have to do with a cognizer be aware -lrb- or not be aware -rrb- of the difference between two phenomenon , which may be express jointly or disjointly . 	be able to distinguish , recognize as be different ; 	114
the support , a phenomenon or fact , lend support to a claim or propose course of action , the proposition , where the domain_of_relevance may also be express . some of the word in this frame -lrb- e.g. argue -rrb- be communication word use in a non-communicative , epistemic sense . 	imply as a possibility ; 	115
this frame describe intentionally form human social group -lrb- here term organization -rrb- with some definite structure and member . they may be relatively informal , consist only of a group of individual who be aware of who be and who be not a fellow member , or they may be complex and long-lasting , such as the roman catholic church or the conservative party . 	a formal association of people with similar interest ; 	116
in this frame a evaluee be describe by a -lrb- usually implicit -rrb- judge with respect to the morality or rightness of he or she behavior . 	stem from evil characteristic or force ; wicked or dishonorable ; - Thomas Hardy 	117
a author create a text , either write , such as a letter , or speak , such as a speech , that contain meaningful linguistic token , and may have a particular addressee in mind . the text may include information about its topic , although the latter be not a fe in this frame . 	recite or repeat a fix text ; 	118
a controlling_entity , controlling_situation , or controlling_variable control a dependent_entity , dependent_situation , or dependent_variable . the latter , dependent , element or some aspect of it be not just influence , but determine by the control element . 	power to direct or determine ; 	119
this frame describe a situation in which a owner lose he or she possession . the owner may have fail to keep ownership of they possession -lrb- i.e. robbery or gambling -rrb- or may have unintentionally misplace they possession . 	fail to keep or to maintain ; cease to have , either physically or in a abstract sense ; 	120
some stimulus cause a cognizer to think of a prior phenomenon due to its perceive similarity . 	suggest the necessity of a intervention ; in medicine ; 	122
a artifact be deliberately make or modify by a intelligent entity to be put to a certain kind of use . various property of the artifact may be specify , such as its creator , time_of_creation , name , type , and the material of which it be compose . the artifact may or may not be a physical entity . 	a flat portable surface -lrb- usually rectangular -rrb- design for board game ; 	123
the reader attend to a text to process its information . sometimes a particular kind of phenomenon be seek in the text . 	interpret something that be write or print ; 	125
this frame contain noun denote a rank or level within a established hierarchy . 	-lrb- usually plural -rrb- the status or rank or office of a christian clergyman in a ecclesiastical hierarchy ; 	126
a text be a entity that contain linguistic , symbolic information on a topic , create by a author at the time_of_creation . it may be a physical entity that be make of a certain material etc. it may be construct for a honoree . 	a write work or composition that have be publish -lrb- print on page bind together -rrb- ; 	127
a insulator be judge for its potential to increase the body temperature of a experiencer . the activity that the experiencer engage in to experience the heat and the circumstance in which the insulator be judge may also be provide . 	have or produce a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintain heat ; 	128
a entity undergo some change -lrb- the event -rrb- that be -lrb- or be construe as -rrb- punctual . -lrb- this frame exist mainly to allow common fe to be inherit . -rrb- 	affect or afflict suddenly , usually adversely ; 	130
a entity be judge to be sensually please or intellectually interesting to a -lrb- generally implicit -rrb- judge . 	very please to the eye ; 	132
the word in this frame describe a period of time , as oppose to a point in time . 	a indefinite period -lrb- usually mark by specific attribute or activity -rrb- ; 	133
a agent or entity become sufficient enough to meet a standard . alternatively , a action or occurrence can be think of as event that fulfil a standard . in this frame , the agent , entity , or event can be conceptualize as be on a scale where a change of value or circumstance bring it in line with the position of the standard on the scale . 	fill or meet a want or need 	134
a entity stand out perceptually in comparison to other member of its type . 	characterize by a absence or near absence of agitation or activity ; 	135
the answer to one open question , the outcome , be dictate -lrb- partially or completely -rrb- by the answer to another open question , the determinant , i.e. if the answer to the determinant be know , the answer to the outcome can be predict . the degree of predictive power and the circumstance under which the dependency hold can also be express . 	a relation such that one thing be dependent on another ; 	136
this frame describe the attribute of a thermodynamic phase of matter . 	-lrb- chemistry -rrb- the three traditional state of matter be solid -lrb- fix shape and volume -rrb- and liquid -lrb- fix volume and shape by the container -rrb- and gas -lrb- fill the container -rrb- ; 	137
these word describe the size of message that a speaker be judge by a -lrb- usually unexpressed -rrb- judge to give , either in a specific occasion or topic or in general . as in other communication frame , medium may also be express . 	free of noise or uproar ; or make little if any sound ; 	138
a entity be present as have be see or experience by a -lrb- typically generic and background -rrb- cognizer on a certain number of occasion , cause the entity to have a certain degree of recognizability for the cognizer . 	be familiar or acquaint with a person or a object ; 	139
word in this frame describe the status of a action with respect to a code of law or rule . a object may also be in violation or compliance of the code by virtue of its existence , location or possession . 	-lrb- of a baseball -rrb- hit between the foul line ; 	140
these word refer to part merge to form a whole . -lrb- the part may also be encode as part_1 and part_2 . -rrb- there be a symmetrical relationship between the component that undergo the process , and afterwards the part be consume and be no longer distinct entity that be easily discernable or separable in the whole . 	a collection of thing that have be combine ; a assemblage of separate part or quality 	141
a man-made artifact , digital or physical , which be use to display information present via the object . 	a vertical surface on which information can be display to public view 	142
word in this frame have to do with a cognizer believe that some phenomenon will take place in the future . some word in the frame -lrb- e.g. foresee.v -rrb- indicate that the phenomenon be assert also to be true , while other do not . 	look forward to the probable occurrence of ; 	143
a helper benefit a benefited_party by enable the culmination of a goal that the benefited_party have . a focal_entity that be involve in reach the goal may stand in for it . 	help to some food ; help with food or drink ; 	144
a entity be integrate into a building as a part of a -lrb- possibly unexpressed -rrb- whole which may refer to the whole building or merely to a sub-part of the building . 	a pane of glass in a window ; 	145
the word in this frame refer to facial expression and the possessor of those expression . 	the feeling express on a person 's face ; 	146
geography as define by its use . 	a district that have be develop to serve some purpose ; 	147
a phenomenon be portray with respect to the degree of likelihood that it will be perceive and know , give the -lrb- usually implicit -rrb- evidence , perceiver , and the circumstance in which it be consider . for several of the lus , such as visible , audible , etc. , the type of the evidence be fix by the target themselves be a perceptual experience . 	be or become visible or noticeable ; 	148
this frame concern a specific subset of instance of a type which be evaluate in term of they similarity to a conceptual prototype of the type . the judgment of exemplariness may be make along a certain domain . 	devoted -lrb- sometimes fanatically -rrb- to a cause or concept or truth ; 	149
a entity can bear a great outer force so as to resist destruction and damage . 	immune to attack ; incapable of be tamper with ; 	150
lus in this frame modify a gradable attribute and describe intensity at the extreme position on a scale . 	surpass what be common or usual or expect ; 	151
a authority with the power to make decision hand down a finding over a question present in a formal or informal case . 	decide with authority ; 	152
this frame cover word that name location as define politically , or administratively . 	the territory occupy by one of the constituent administrative district of a nation ; 	153
a speaker characterize the intensity of a attribute of a entity by a degree . 	intensely or extremely bad or unpleasant in degree or quality ; 	154
a agent expend effort towards achieve a goal . alternatively , a salient_entity involve in the goal can be express in place of a goal expression . 	activity direct toward make or do something ; 	155
this frame have to do with scientific taxonomy . the lexical unit in this frame include the seven major classification in which organism be group base on common biological characteristic . these classification be label rank in this frame . the member or subtype of the rank be often express with the use of the target-denoting noun . 	-lrb- biology -rrb- taxonomic group contain one or more family 	156
this frame contain word refer to item of food . 	a particular day specify as the time something happen ; 	157
a person or institution be be describe in term of they wealthiness , in other word the amount of money in they possession . 	have little money or few possession ; 	158
a experimenter conduct a experiment base on a hypothesis . this experiment contain a control_group or controlled_individual which be compare with a treatment_group or treated_individual in order to determine the result . 	a standard against which other condition can be compare in a scientific experiment ; 	159
a speaker characterize the intensity of a attribute of a entity by a degree . 	not faint or feeble ; 	160
this lus in this frame refer to biological entity label by the fe organism . a organism be describe as something that can be alive , or have naturally occur biological process and function , however the concept of life be often use metaphorically for non-organic entity which resemble or act as if they have organic life . 	live thing collectively ; 	161
this frame contain noun denote aggregate of individual . the aggregate may be describe by a aggregateproperty . 	a number of sheet -lrb- ticket or stamp etc. -rrb- bind together on one edge ; 	162
this frame have to do with the repetition -lrb- and especially the frequency of repetition -rrb- of a event . many of the adjective and adverb in this frame be base on noun in the calendric_unit frame . 	have no special distinction or quality ; widely known or commonly encounter ; average or ordinary or usual ; 	163
this frame contain transparent noun -lrb- and some adjective -rrb- denote quantity of a mass or of individual . as oppose to aggregate word such as group , set , these quantity do not have a status as whole on they own . initially , at least , we annotate both quantity of mass and of individual in this frame , though we may split the frame along these line later on . 	not excessive or extreme ; 	164
the size of a entity be assess in term of the degree by which it deviate from the norm . the size refer to the amount of three-dimensional space that be occupy by the entity . 	relatively large in size or number or extent ; larger than other of its kind ; 	165
a agent or cause make a new_member part of group . the group may be represent by a individual existing_member if it imply the existence of a set of member . 	make a addition -lrb- to -rrb- ; join or combine or unite with other ; increase the quality , quantity , size or scope of ; 	166
lus in this frame denote that the instance of a type be contextually notable . this frame typically require dual fe layer annotation ; see below . 	separate and distinct from other of the same group or category ; 	167
in this frame , which be a part of the trial sequence , a judge give a finding with respect to the charge against the defendant in a particular case . 	decide on and make a declaration about ; 	168
this frame concern entity conventionally be refer to by particular name . 	a language unit by which a person or thing be know ; 	169
the lexical unit in this frame have to do with a entity be in a state of order or disorder . often the entity be unexpressed in this frame and be , therefore , marked as a null instantiation . 	establish customary state -lrb- especially of society -rrb- ; 	170
the lexical unit in this frame be description of a cognizer 's attitude about or outlook on a state_of_affairs . the state_of_affairs can be express without a cognizer in many case , as show in the follow 	show a brooding ill humor ; 	171
a salient subevent have a pattern of recurrence within a larger process . 	rhythm as give by division into part of equal duration 	172
a cognizer introduce a new_idea into society . 	make a discovery , make a new finding ; 	173
a experiencer actualize a certain pattern of behavior , a lifestyle , which persist for a significant period of time in the experiencer 's life and be recognize as part of he character or normal routine . the lifestyle be not necessarily realize intentionally , and may just be the result of circumstance . 	a characteristic state or mode of living ; 	174
a person have a particular mental state and the ability to engage in a activity with enthusiasm , energy , and positivity . 	animation and energy in action or expression ; 	175
this frame contain lus that express the form which a piece of artwork represent . the form may also represent the entire body of a artist 's work . the form may be further characterize by the time of some artwork 's creation or other descriptor . 	-lrb- architecture -rrb- one of original three style of greek architecture distinguish by the type of column and entablature use or a style develop from the original three by the Romans 	176
geography as define by its use . 	a place where work be do ; 	177
a entity meet the pre-condition for participate in a event . a degree modifier may be include to indicate by how much the entity exceed or fall short of the minimum requirement . 	-lrb- usually follow by ` to ' -rrb- have the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something ; 	178
a person -lrb- the cognizer -rrb- come to believe something -lrb- the content -rrb- , sometimes after a process of reasoning . this change in belief be usually initiate by a person or piece of evidence . occasionally word in this domain be accompany by phrase express topic , i.e. that which the mental content be about . 	establish after a calculation , investigation , experiment , survey , or study ; 	179
this frame contain verb and noun that communicate the act of a speaker to address a message to some addressee use language . a number of the word can be use performatively , such as declare and insist . 	state or say further ; 	180
this frame be concern with the likelihood of a hypothetical_event occurring . the hypothetical_event be its only core frame element . notice that in the case where a noun phrase be the subject of the support verb , that np be also tag as hypothetical_event . 	involve substantial risk ; 	181
in this frame a ingestor take a substance into he or she body . the delivery_device can appear as a direct object . 	take or consume -lrb- regularly or habitually -rrb- ; 	182
the hearer receive a message or communication on a particular topic . word in this frame denote event of verbal communication , but express the hearer rather than the speaker as a external argument . 	to hear and understand ; 	183
this frame have to do with scientific taxonomy . the lexical unit in this frame include the seven major classification in which organism be group base on common biological characteristic . these classification be label rank in this frame . the member or subtype of the rank be often express with the use of the target-denoting noun . 	-lrb- biology -rrb- a taxonomic group contain one or more genera ; 	185
a perceiver determine the location of a sought_entity within a ground . 	come upon after search ; find the location of something that be miss or lose ; 	186
in this frame a speaker ask a addressee for something , or to carry out some action . 	-lrb- often plural -rrb- a command give by a superior -lrb- e.g. , a military or law enforcement officer -rrb- that must be obey ; 	187
a piece of evidence indicate that a event occur , or metonymically , entity have formerly exist , in a location . 	a indication that something have be present ; 	188
a competition come to a end , with a competitor tie , win , or lose against a opponent -lrb- or opponent -rrb- accord to they score . -lrb- in the symmetrical situation of a tie , the competitor and opponent may be jointly mention as competitor . -rrb- accord to the score that the competitor and opponent have achieve , they may receive a rank or a prize . the margin may also be mention . 	finish third or better in a horse or dog race ; 	189
