there exist a number of different possible events that may happen in the future . in most cases , there is an agent involved who has to consider which of the possible events will or should occur . a salient_entity which is deeply involved in the event may also be mentioned . 	doing as one pleases or chooses ; 	1
this frame contians lus which are like those of the desirability frame except the evaluee incorporates the parameter as `` associated with a percieved place in a social heirarchy '' for all lus . lus are not restricted to positive or negative implications . 	being or characteristic of or appropriate to everyday language ; 	2
a recipient starts off without the theme in their possession , and then comes to possess it . although the source from which the theme came is logically necessary , the recipient and its changing relationship to the theme is profiled . 	win something through one 's efforts ; 	3
this frame concerns a specific subset of instances of a type which are evaluated in terms of their similarity to a conceptual prototype of the type . the judgment of exemplariness may be made along a certain domain . 	a standard or typical example ; 	4
this frame contains words that describe an item 's static position on a scale with respect to some property variable . 	lacking in specific resources , qualities or substances ; 	5
this frames describes a perceiver who fails to keep sight of a theme . the focus of this frame is the perceiver , which appears in subject position . this frame contrasts with the opposing perspective in losing_track_of_perceiver , where the perceiver is the object and the theme is the subject . 	place -LRB- something -RRB- where one can not find it again ; 	6
a person takes leave from his or her routine activity -LRB- such as work or school -RRB- for a duration of time . the duration can be any length of time , as long as the absence is temporary . 	failure to be present 	7
a trigger elicits a response . the response may either be some kind of action meant to address the trigger event or an expressed judgment of the trigger event . 	meet by design ; be present at the arrival of ; 	8
a text is an entity that contains linguistic , symbolic information on a topic , created by an author at the time_of_creation . it may be a physical entity that is made of a certain material etc. it may be constructed for an honoree . 	an account of the series of events making up a person 's life 	9
an offerer indicates that he or she is able and willing to give a theme to a potential_recipient . in the absence of further qualifications , it is often understood that the potential_recipient accepts the theme . 	provide -LRB- usually but not necessarily food -RRB- ; 	10
this frame covers words that name locations as defined politically , or administratively . 	territory over which rule or control is exercised ; 	11
an agent actively -LRB- yet not always with success -RRB- attempts to keep an event from taking place . this event is -LRB- usually -RRB- an urge which encourages the action that the agent wishes to prevent . 	abstain from doing ; always used with a negative ; 	12
lus in this frame denote a scenario in which a client arranges to retain the services of an organization at a later date . 	engage for a performance ; 	13
the words in this frame describe a period of time , as opposed to a point in time . 	the period during which something is functional -LRB- as between birth and death -RRB- ; 	14
an agent has attempted to achieve a goal , and the actual outcome of the agent 's action has been resolved , so that it either specifically matches the agent 's intent -LRB- e.g. success -RRB- or does not match it -LRB- e.g. failure -RRB- . 	having succeeded or being marked by a favorable outcome ; 	15
a cognizer has a judgment of an evaluee , expressing how high or low their regard for the evaluee is . 	come to believe on the basis of emotion , intuitions , or indefinite grounds ; 	16
a controlling_entity is in conscious control over a dependent_entity , dependent_situation , or dependent_variable . 	discipline in personal and social activities ; 	17
this is the primary frame evoked by the cardinal numbers . 	a concept of quantity involving zero and units ; 	18
this frame has to do with people -LRB- the residents -RRB- residing in locations , sometimes with a co-resident . 	inhabit or live in ; be an inhabitant of ; 	19
a speaker realizes a sign , usually a linguistic one , in some formal_realization . the formal_realization may be described as correct or incorrect in a judgment expression , or it may be partially indicated as a part_of_form . manner may be used as a more general indication of the formal_realization 	-LRB- phonetics -RRB- an individual sound unit of speech without concern as to whether or not it is a phoneme of some language 	20
a living entity intends a tool to be able to fulfill a generic purpose . the material from which the tool is created can be something natural or something manmade , including another tool . 	what something is used for ; 	21
this frame describes a sufferer who experiences the loss of someone through death . the lus in this frame imply a strong emotional connection between the sufferer and the deceased . 	suffer the loss of a person through death or removal ; 	22
this frame contains -LRB- transparent -RRB- nouns that are units of measurement for time . the frame elements are count , unit and process . in this frame , we will not annotate deictic , calendric uses of nouns like week , month , etc. as in `` next week , this month , in the 21st century '' . 	a period of time considered as a resource under your control and sufficient to accomplish something ; 	23
while in motion , an impactor makes sudden , forcible contact with the impactee , or two impactors both move , mutually making forcible contact . 	hit against ; come into sudden contact with ; 	24
a customer requests an entity from a supplier . the customer can order the entity himself or via a medium . 	a request for something to be made , supplied , or served ; 	25
this frame concerns people being in an altered mental state that is induced by an intoxicant . 	slightly and pleasantly intoxicated from alcohol or a drug -LRB- especially marijuana -RRB- 	26
in this frame a group of individuals intentionally come together to form a group . alternatively , a grammatically more prominent party_1 assembles with a party_2 , expressed as an oblique phrase . if this asymmetric construal is chosen , purpose only relates to party_1 . 	satisfy a condition or restriction ; 	27
this frame contains nouns denoting aggregates of individuals . the aggregates may be described by an aggregateproperty . 	a group of people -LRB- often temporary -RRB- having a common purpose ; 	28
there is a gradable amount of light in a particular location . in some cases the source of light may be indicated instead of the location . the negetive lus in this frame can be used metaphorically to describe time periods which can be characterized as bad or lacking in awareness , as shown in the following examples 	devoid of or deficient in light or brightness ; shadowed or black ; 	29
a customer requests an entity from a supplier . the customer can order the entity himself or via a medium . 	a commercial document used to request someone to supply something in return for payment and providing specifications and quantities ; 	30
a recordable sequence of events is associated with a given topic . 	the continuum of events occurring in succession leading from the past to the present and even into the future ; 	31
an entity is in a specified state . when not explicitly specified , the state usually concerns the entity 's health , repair of functioning . the state is also often assessed with an evaluation and it may be specified to apply only to a particular parameter of the entity . 	the way something is with respect to its main attributes ; 	32
this frame contains words that describe how potent a chemical is . 	having a strong physiological or chemical effect ; 	33
this frame describes intentionally formed human social groups -LRB- here termed organizations -RRB- with some definite structure and members . they may be relatively informal , consisting only of a group of individuals who are aware of who is and who is not a fellow member , or they may be complex and long-lasting , such as the roman catholic church or the conservative party . 	a committee having supervisory powers ; 	34
this frame contains words that describe an item 's static position on a scale with respect to some property variable . 	greater than normal in degree or intensity or amount ; 	35
a benefactor confers a beneficial_situation to a beneficiary . unlike in commerce_scenario , the recipient is not necessarily required to pay for the good or service that they receive . therefore , the element of benevolence is profiled . dual fe-layer annotation 	financial assistance in time of need 	36
an entity is considered worthy of mention for their ability or influence among some type of similar entities . the entity need not be well-known or famous , though if it is , it may be stated by its name only . their worth may be restricted to a time or place . 	of major significance or importance ; 	37
these are words referring to control by a leader over a particular entity -LRB- the governed -RRB- or an activity . the frame contains both nouns referring to a title or position -LRB- e.g. director , king , president -RRB- , and verbs describing the action of leadership -LRB- e.g. rule , reign -RRB- . with verbs , it is possible to mention the role played by the leader -LRB- often a name of a leading position , e.g. , king -RRB- 	exercise authority over ; as of nations ; 	38
an object theme moves in the direction of a goal . the goal may be expressed or it may be understood from context , but its is always implied by the verb itself . 	succeed in reaching ; arrive at ; 	39
this frame contains words that describe a set of individuals which possess some commonality , generally a common attribute . 	belonging to or participated in by a community as a whole ; public ; 	40
an employee has a position doing work in a particular field , or doing work on a particular task , for which an employer gives compensation to the employee . 	the occupation for which you are paid ; 	41
a current_instance of a certain type is under discussion . this instance is evaluated as being the same instance or a different instance from a previous_instance encountered in a previous_context . 	unlike in nature or quality or form or degree ; 	42
this frame contains words that denote kinship relations . in annotating the directional uses of these words , we use the standard terms from anthropology , ego and alter . matilde is gilberto 's cousin once removed 	a social unit living together ; 	43
the entity interacts with the theme with the effect of moving of the theme . 	-LRB- physiology -RRB- regulation or maintenance of a function or action or reflex etc ; 	44
a theme traverses a trajectory . this trajectory consists of a source , path , and goal . if the theme is sentient , the anticipated trajectory will usually be equivalent to the planned trajectory . if the the theme is non-sentient the anticipated trajectory will usually be the result of various forces acting upon the theme . 	a line leading to a place or point ; 	45
this frame contains verbs and nouns that communicate the act of a speaker to address a message to some addressee using language . a number of the words can be used performatively , such as declare and insist . 	make a proposal , declare a plan for something ; 	46
an entity changes from a prior_state to a post_state in a sequence leading to improvement . 	a process in which something passes by degrees to a different stage -LRB- especially a more advanced or mature stage -RRB- ; 	47
an experiencer actualizes a certain pattern of behavior , a lifestyle , which persists for a significant period of time in the experiencer 's life and is recognized as part of his character or normal routine . the lifestyle is not necessarily realized intentionally , and may just be the result of circumstance . 	lead a certain kind of life ; live in a certain style ; 	48
a certain idiosyncrasy belongs to an entity distinguishing it from other entities . 	unique or specific to a person or thing or category ; 	49
this frame describes a particular instance of an event . 	an instance or single occasion for some event ; 	50
an entity has a temperature characterized by the target . the temperature is a value of the temperature attribute . note that in this frame , the entity does not experience the temperature , but is merely described as being in a certain externally verifiable state . is not in frame but rather in subjective_temperature 	having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat ; 	51
this frame contains nouns denoting aggregates of individuals . the aggregates may be described by an aggregateproperty . 	a collection of things sharing a common attribute ; 	52
an agent occupies a role in some institution . this roleis -LRB- usually -RRB- temporary and can be occupied by other entities at different periods of time . it is common for a duration of the role to be mentionned . 	do duty or hold offices ; serve in a specific function ; 	53
a figure is located relative to a ground location . the location of the figure may be further specified by its distance from a reference location -LRB- generally , the deictic center -RRB- and the direction in which the figure lies from a reference location -LRB- generally , the deictic center -RRB- . 	be adjacent or come together ; 	54
this frames describes a social event where there may or may not be a permanent or semi-permanent relationship between participants . additionally , participants in this frame are expressed in one representative fe , attendees . note the difference between this frame and social_event_individuals , where participants are grammatically separated . 	a participant in a date ; 	55
this frame contains items which , when manipulated , alter the funtion of some device , internal or external . 	a mechanism that controls the operation of a machine ; 	56
this frame describes a general situation in which an owner either increases or decreases their amount of a possession . the increase or decrease may either be physical or metaphorical . 	fail to keep or to maintain ; cease to have , either physically or in an abstract sense ; 	57
an entity is integrated into a vehicle as a part of a -LRB- possibly unexpressed -RRB- whole which may refer to the whole vehicle or merely to a sub-part of the vehicle . 	a transparent opening in a vehicle that allow vision out of the sides or back ; usually is capable of being opened 	58
this frame contains words that describe specific aspects of a color . the degree to which the color being discussed deviates from the prototype may be marked . the description may also target a specific aspect of color . 	-LRB- used of color -RRB- having a dark hue ; 	59
a record that contains a permanent account of data . this record may be maintained by a recorder for a certain entity . 	a record in which commercial accounts are recorded ; 	60
this frame covers words for body_part -LRB- s -RRB- -LRB- bp -RRB- belonging to a possessor -LRB- poss -RRB- , which may be characterized by a descriptor -LRB- desc -RRB- . the location of the bp may be identified in terms of its attachment or its orientational_location . a subregion of a bp may also be indicated . 	the front of the human head from the forehead to the chin and ear to ear ; 	61
an agent performs a response action in consequence of a trigger event . in many cases , a non-agentive responding_entity causes the response after the trigger occurs . 	contend against an opponent in a sport , game , or battle ; 	62
a protagonist is in the dynamic , maintained state of being alive or has exited this state . 	the condition of living or the state of being alive ; 	63
an agent acts so as to be the strongest force , or most important causal factor in some situation , to the exclusion of other competing actors . 	be larger in number , quantity , power , status or importance ; 	64
an entity aids in the successful completion of a purpose . its degree of utility may also be expressed . some of the lexical units in this frame -LRB- e.g. great , good -RRB- can only express permanent , generic states of the entity . 	of good quality and condition ; solidly built ; 	65
an agent causes an impactor to make sudden , forcible contact with an impactee , or manipulates two -LRB- or more -RRB- impactors so that they make mutual forcible contact . 	drive something violently into a location ; 	66
an experiencer senses different degrees of warmth that may or may not be related to the ambient temperature . the level of warmth is usually compared against the experiencer 's subjective standard of comfort . 	having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat ; 	67
a protagonist is in the dynamic , maintained state of being alive or has exited this state . 	have life , be alive ; 	68
a prisoner is punished for committing a crime by being confined to a prison for a specified period of time . 	spend time in prison or in a labor camp ; 	69
in this frame a speaker asks an addressee for something , or to carry out some action . 	give instructions to or direct somebody to do something with authority ; 	70
the temperature in a certain environment , determined by time and place , is specified . 	having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat ; 	71
a state_of_affairs is evaluated as good -LRB- or bad -RRB- , against a background assumption that previously , the state_of_affairs was thought to be unlikely to occur . the state_of_affairs holds for a particular protagonist . 	deserving or inciting pity ; 	72
an agent makes use of a means -LRB- either an action or a -LRB- system of -RRB- entities standing in for the action -RRB- in order to achieve a purpose . -LRB- this frame may be broadened to include non-agentive intermediate actions . -RRB- 	how a result is obtained or an end is achieved ; 	73
an developer develops a product , in some cases for a company . 	act of improving by expanding or enlarging or refining ; 	74
a text is an entity that contains linguistic , symbolic information on a topic , created by an author at the time_of_creation . it may be a physical entity that is made of a certain material etc. it may be constructed for an honoree . 	a record or narrative description of past events ; 	75
an influencing_variable , an influencing_situation , or an influencing_entity has an influence on a dependent_entity , dependent_variable , or a dependent_situation . compare to subjective_influence . words in objective_influence are used to make claims about correlations in the world , where words in subjective_influence are used to explain emotional impacts made on cognizers . 	the effect of one thing -LRB- or person -RRB- on another ; 	76
an entity is able to exert a force of the magnitude specified by the target . 	having little impact ; 	77
this frame is concerned with transparent nouns denoting a piece of a substance . also present is piece_prop which is a property of the piece , e.g. relating to its size . 	a printed circuit that can be inserted into expansion slots in a computer to increase the computer 's capabilities 	78
a speaker addresses an audience on a particular topic . the audience is generally passive , although for many types of address -LRB- including academic talks and press conferences -RRB- , a discussion or question-answer period is virtually always required . 	narrate or give a detailed account of ; 	79
the word -LRB- s -RRB- in this frame detail a particular moment in time.these often occur with demonstratives such as this and that . 	the specified day of the month ; 	80
this frame is concerned with nouns denoting a part or parts of a whole entity . the part is not defined relative to the whole 's orientation , center , or edge and is not ordered . we also annotate properties of the part , e.g. relating to its size . 	-LRB- music -RRB- the section of a composition or movement -LRB- especially in sonata form -RRB- where the major musical themes are developed and elaborated 	81
an entity is designed for or exists to perform an activity or fulfill a role . 	serve a purpose , role , or function ; 	82
a place defined by an owner . 	the land on which real estate is located ; 	83
a law regulates activities or states of affairs within a jurisdiction , dictating what required states should be the case and what forbidden states should not . often it also indicates negative consequences for individuals that violate it , and these negative consequences are generally enforced by some official authority . they may or may not be created by some official legislative body . 	a body of rules followed by an assembly 	84
the authorities put a prisoner in prison as punishment for an offense . 	the period of time a prisoner is imprisoned ; 	85
ambient conditions of temperature , precipitation , windiness , and sunniness pertain at a certain place and time . further specification of the conditions that pertain may also be indicated . 	free of clouds or rain ; 	86
an individual or group -LRB- practitioner -RRB- or a part of their work life -LRB- work -RRB- is defined professionally by the activity that they typically engage in . alternatively , the activity may be indicated by a salient_entity conventionally associated with it . 	the discipline that records and interprets past events involving human beings ; 	87
a particular piece of information is evaluated for its accuracy . the degree of correctness may also be expressed . the source of information may also metonymically stand in for the information . 	consistent with fact or reality ; not false ; 	88
this frame contains adjectives and nouns that describe the truth or sincerity of communication . these words , analogously to behaver-evaluating words , can apply either to speakers or to the messages they produce . they can occur with about-pps expressing topic . 	worthy of being depended on ; 	89
this frame is for objects , physical or otherwise , which are used to grant access to some location or function . 	a sequence of numbers or letters that opens a combination lock ; 	90
an entity has the ability to contain a theme . 	be used by ; as of a utility ; 	91
this frame contains words that denote kinship relations . in annotating the directional uses of these words , we use the standard terms from anthropology , ego and alter . matilde is gilberto 's cousin once removed 	family based on male descent ; 	92
two individuals , the subordinate and the superior have a relationship such that the subordinate generally follows orders given by the superior and has the best interests of the superior in mind . 	work for or be a servant to ; 	93
lus in this frame denote a period of time in which an enabled_action becomes possible . the duration of this time period can be both exact and inexact . an agent who performs the enabled_action may be mentioned as well . 	the time period that is considered best for starting or finishing something ; 	94
this frame is concerned with words that describe a person based on a salient part of their body . 	-LRB- used of hair or skin -RRB- pale or light-colored ; ; 	95
in this frame , there is a part of a whole in which the part is defined with respect to the canonical or inherent orientation of the whole . in cases where the target is an adjective , it has a special relationship with the noun that it modifies such that a phrase which is a syntactic argument of the noun is semantically available to fill the argument structure of the adjective , as in 	the striking or working surface of an implement 	96
an event takes place at a place and time . 	a recent event that has some relevance for the present situation ; 	97
there is a certain physical distance within which some other entity can participate in an event -LRB- typically perception or manipulation -RRB- with the participant . alternatively , the event may be indicated metonymically by a instrument . -LSB- note the connection with * distance , sufficiency , and capability . words in this frame can generally be paraphrased `` close enough to be able to '' . -RSB- 	a range of mental vision ; 	98
in this frame a part is part of a larger whole comprised of parts that are ordered . the parts can be ordered temporally -LRB- first to last and vice versa -RRB- or vertically -LRB- down to up and vice versa -RRB- . the part can be modified by the part_prop or the number of the part can be given by ordinality . 	a major division of a long written composition ; 	99
a competitor claims a prize as a result of the outcome of their participation in a competition . 	be the winner in a contest or competition ; be victorious ; 	100
an entity is able to exert a force of the magnitude specified by the target . 	having strength or power greater than average or expected ; 	101
an artifact is deliberately made or modified by an intelligent entity to be put to a certain kind of use . various properties of the artifact may be specified , such as its creator , time_of_creation , name , type , and the material of which it is composed . the artifact may or may not be a physical entity . 	a stout length of sawn timber ; made in a wide variety of sizes and used for many purposes 	102
a helper benefits a benefited_party by enabling the culmination of a goal that the benefited_party has . a focal_entity that is involved in reaching the goal may stand in for it . 	give help or assistance ; be of service ; 	103
a speaker realizes a sign , usually a linguistic one , in some formal_realization . the formal_realization may be described as correct or incorrect in a judgment expression , or it may be partially indicated as a part_of_form . manner may be used as a more general indication of the formal_realization 	speak , pronounce , or utter in a certain way ; 	104
this frame covers words that name locations as defined politically , or administratively . 	the territory occupied by a nation ; 	105
the support , a phenomenon or fact , lends support to a claim or proposed course of action , the proposition , where the domain_of_relevance may also be expressed . some of the words in this frame -LRB- e.g. argue -RRB- are communication words used in a non-communicative , epistemic sense . 	establish the validity of something , as by an example , explanation or experiment ; 	106
the authorities put a prisoner in prison as punishment for an offense . 	a prison term lasting as long as the prisoner lives ; 	107
an agent manipulates an instrument in order to achieve a purpose . 	put into service ; make work or employ for a particular purpose or for its inherent or natural purpose ; 	108
this frame concerns a cognizer 's certainty about the correctness of beliefs or expectations . it only includes uses where a cognizer is expressed . 	be aware of the truth of something ; have a belief or faith in something ; regard as true beyond any doubt ; 	109
the words in this frame describe situations in which an agent or a cause injures a victim . the body_part of the victim which is most directly affected may also be mentioned in the place of the victim . in such cases , the victim is often indicated as a genitive modifier of the body_part , in which case the victim fe is indicated on a second fe layer . 	deliver a sharp blow , as with the hand , fist , or weapon ; 	110
a useful_location is accessible to some -LRB- possibly generic -RRB- theme despite a potential barrier , or is not accessible because of the barrier . 	having skin rich in melanin pigments ; 	111
in a text , a source_of_information is given that provides a reader of the text with further information relevant to the text . in this frame the author and reader are completely deprofiled , with the source_of_information made salient . 	seek information from ; 	112
a speaker interprets a written text and speaks the contents , usually to an addressee . the contents may be the text verbatim or a representation of the text . 	look at , interpret , and say out loud something that is written or printed ; 	113
words in this frame have to do with a cognizer being aware -LRB- or not being aware -RRB- of the difference between two phenomena , which may be expressed jointly or disjointly . 	be able to distinguish , recognize as being different ; 	114
the support , a phenomenon or fact , lends support to a claim or proposed course of action , the proposition , where the domain_of_relevance may also be expressed . some of the words in this frame -LRB- e.g. argue -RRB- are communication words used in a non-communicative , epistemic sense . 	imply as a possibility ; 	115
this frame describes intentionally formed human social groups -LRB- here termed organizations -RRB- with some definite structure and members . they may be relatively informal , consisting only of a group of individuals who are aware of who is and who is not a fellow member , or they may be complex and long-lasting , such as the roman catholic church or the conservative party . 	a formal association of people with similar interests ; 	116
in this frame an evaluee is described by a -LRB- usually implicit -RRB- judge with respect to the morality or rightness of his or her behavior . 	stemming from evil characteristics or forces ; wicked or dishonorable ; - Thomas Hardy 	117
an author creates a text , either written , such as a letter , or spoken , such as a speech , that contains meaningful linguistic tokens , and may have a particular addressee in mind . the text may include information about its topic , although the latter is not an fe in this frame . 	recite or repeat a fixed text ; 	118
a controlling_entity , controlling_situation , or controlling_variable control a dependent_entity , dependent_situation , or dependent_variable . the latter , dependent , element or some aspect of it is not just influenced , but determined by the controlling element . 	power to direct or determine ; 	119
this frame describes a situation in which an owner loses his or her possession . the owner may have failed to keep ownership of their possession -LRB- i.e. robbery or gambling -RRB- or may have unintentionally misplaced their possession . 	fail to keep or to maintain ; cease to have , either physically or in an abstract sense ; 	120
some stimulus causes a cognizer to think of a prior phenomenon due to its perceived similarity . 	suggest the necessity of an intervention ; in medicine ; 	122
an artifact is deliberately made or modified by an intelligent entity to be put to a certain kind of use . various properties of the artifact may be specified , such as its creator , time_of_creation , name , type , and the material of which it is composed . the artifact may or may not be a physical entity . 	a flat portable surface -LRB- usually rectangular -RRB- designed for board games ; 	123
the reader attends to a text to process its information . sometimes a particular kind of phenomenon is sought in the text . 	interpret something that is written or printed ; 	125
this frame contains nouns denoting a rank or level within an established hierarchy . 	-LRB- usually plural -RRB- the status or rank or office of a Christian clergyman in an ecclesiastical hierarchy ; 	126
a text is an entity that contains linguistic , symbolic information on a topic , created by an author at the time_of_creation . it may be a physical entity that is made of a certain material etc. it may be constructed for an honoree . 	a written work or composition that has been published -LRB- printed on pages bound together -RRB- ; 	127
an insulator is judged for its potential to increase the body temperature of an experiencer . the activity that the experiencer engages in to experience the heat and the circumstances in which the insulator is judged may also be provided . 	having or producing a comfortable and agreeable degree of heat or imparting or maintaining heat ; 	128
an entity undergoes some change -LRB- the event -RRB- that is -LRB- or is construed as -RRB- punctual . -LRB- this frame exists mainly to allow common fes to be inherited . -RRB- 	affect or afflict suddenly , usually adversely ; 	130
an entity is judged to be sensually pleasing or intellectually interesting to a -LRB- generally implicit -RRB- judge . 	very pleasing to the eye ; 	132
the words in this frame describe a period of time , as opposed to a point in time . 	an indefinite period -LRB- usually marked by specific attributes or activities -RRB- ; 	133
an agent or entity becomes sufficient enough to meet a standard . alternatively , an action or occurrence can be thought of as event that fulfills a standard . in this frame , the agent , entity , or event can be conceptualized as being on a scale where a change of value or circumstances brings it in line with the position of the standard on the scale . 	fill or meet a want or need 	134
an entity stands out perceptually in comparison to other members of its type . 	characterized by an absence or near absence of agitation or activity ; 	135
the answer to one open question , the outcome , is dictated -LRB- partially or completely -RRB- by the answer to another open question , the determinant , i.e. if the answer to the determinant is known , the answer to the outcome can be predicted . the degree of predictive power and the circumstances under which the dependency holds can also be expressed . 	a relation such that one thing is dependent on another ; 	136
this frame describes the attributes of a thermodynamic phase of matter . 	-LRB- chemistry -RRB- the three traditional states of matter are solids -LRB- fixed shape and volume -RRB- and liquids -LRB- fixed volume and shaped by the container -RRB- and gases -LRB- filling the container -RRB- ; 	137
these words describe the size of message that a speaker is judged by a -LRB- usually unexpressed -RRB- judge to give , either in a specific occasion or topic or in general . as in other communication frames , medium may also be expressed . 	free of noise or uproar ; or making little if any sound ; 	138
an entity is presented as having been seen or experienced by a -LRB- typically generic and backgrounded -RRB- cognizer on a certain number of occasions , causing the entity to have a certain degree of recognizability for the cognizer . 	be familiar or acquainted with a person or an object ; 	139
words in this frame describe the status of an action with respect to a code of laws or rules . an object may also be in violation or compliance of the code by virtue of its existence , location or possession . 	-LRB- of a baseball -RRB- hit between the foul lines ; 	140
these words refer to parts merging to form a whole . -LRB- the parts may also be encoded as part_1 and part_2 . -RRB- there is a symmetrical relationship between the components that undergo the process , and afterwards the parts are consumed and are no longer distinct entities that are easily discernable or separable in the whole . 	a collection of things that have been combined ; an assemblage of separate parts or qualities 	141
a man-made artifact , digital or physical , which is used to display information presented via the object . 	a vertical surface on which information can be displayed to public view 	142
words in this frame have to do with a cognizer believing that some phenomenon will take place in the future . some words in the frame -LRB- e.g. foresee.v -RRB- indicate that the phenomenon is asserted also to be true , while others do not . 	look forward to the probable occurrence of ; 	143
a helper benefits a benefited_party by enabling the culmination of a goal that the benefited_party has . a focal_entity that is involved in reaching the goal may stand in for it . 	help to some food ; help with food or drink ; 	144
an entity is integrated into a building as a part of a -LRB- possibly unexpressed -RRB- whole which may refer to the whole building or merely to a sub-part of the building . 	a pane of glass in a window ; 	145
the words in this frame refer to facial expressions and the possessors of those expressions . 	the feelings expressed on a person 's face ; 	146
geography as defined by its use . 	a district that has been developed to serve some purpose ; 	147
a phenomenon is portrayed with respect to the degree of likelihood that it will be perceived and known , given the -LRB- usually implicit -RRB- evidence , perceiver , and the circumstances in which it is considered . for several of the lus , such as visible , audible , etc. , the type of the evidence is fixed by the targets themselves being a perceptual experience . 	be or become visible or noticeable ; 	148
this frame concerns a specific subset of instances of a type which are evaluated in terms of their similarity to a conceptual prototype of the type . the judgment of exemplariness may be made along a certain domain . 	devoted -LRB- sometimes fanatically -RRB- to a cause or concept or truth ; 	149
an entity can bear a great outer force so as to resist destruction and damage . 	immune to attack ; incapable of being tampered with ; 	150
lus in this frame modify a gradable attribute and describe intensities at the extreme positions on a scale . 	surpassing what is common or usual or expected ; 	151
an authority with the power to make decisions hands down a finding over a question presented in a formal or informal case . 	decide with authority ; 	152
this frame covers words that name locations as defined politically , or administratively . 	the territory occupied by one of the constituent administrative districts of a nation ; 	153
a speaker characterizes the intensity of an attribute of an entity by a degree . 	intensely or extremely bad or unpleasant in degree or quality ; 	154
an agent expends effort towards achieving a goal . alternatively , a salient_entity involved in the goal can be expressed in place of a goal expression . 	activity directed toward making or doing something ; 	155
this frame has to do with scientific taxonomy . the lexical units in this frame include the seven major classifications in which organisms are grouped based on common biological characteristics . these classifications are labeled rank in this frame . the members or subtype of the rank is often expressed with the use of the target-denoting noun . 	-LRB- biology -RRB- taxonomic group containing one or more families 	156
this frame contains words referring to items of food . 	a particular day specified as the time something happens ; 	157
a person or institution is being described in terms of their wealthiness , in other words the amount of money in their possession . 	having little money or few possessions ; 	158
an experimenter conducts an experiment based on a hypothesis . this experiment contains a control_group or controlled_individual which is compared with a treatment_group or treated_individual in order to determine the result . 	a standard against which other conditions can be compared in a scientific experiment ; 	159
a speaker characterizes the intensity of an attribute of an entity by a degree . 	not faint or feeble ; 	160
this lus in this frame refer to biological entities labeled by the fe organism . an organism is described as something that can be alive , or have naturally occuring biological processes and functions , however the concept of life is often used metaphorically for non-organic entities which resemble or act as if they have organic life . 	living things collectively ; 	161
this frame contains nouns denoting aggregates of individuals . the aggregates may be described by an aggregateproperty . 	a number of sheets -LRB- ticket or stamps etc. -RRB- bound together on one edge ; 	162
this frame has to do with the repetition -LRB- and especially the frequency of repetition -RRB- of an event . many of the adjectives and adverbs in this frame are based on nouns in the calendric_unit frame . 	having no special distinction or quality ; widely known or commonly encountered ; average or ordinary or usual ; 	163
this frame contains transparent nouns -LRB- and some adjectives -RRB- denoting quantities of a mass or of individuals . as opposed to aggregate words such as group , set , these quantity do not have a status as wholes on their own . initially , at least , we annotate both quantity of masses and of individuals in this frame , though we may split the frame along these lines later on . 	not excessive or extreme ; 	164
the size of an entity is assessed in terms of the degree by which it deviates from the norm . the size refers to the amount of three-dimensional space that is occupied by the entity . 	relatively large in size or number or extent ; larger than others of its kind ; 	165
an agent or cause makes a new_member part of group . the group may be represented by an individual existing_member if it implies the existence of a set of members . 	make an addition -LRB- to -RRB- ; join or combine or unite with others ; increase the quality , quantity , size or scope of ; 	166
lus in this frame denote that the instance of a type is contextually notable . this frame typically requires dual fe layer annotation ; see below . 	separate and distinct from others of the same group or category ; 	167
in this frame , which is a part of the trial sequence , a judge gives a finding with respect to the charges against the defendant in a particular case . 	decide on and make a declaration about ; 	168
this frame concerns entities conventionally being referred to by particular names . 	a language unit by which a person or thing is known ; 	169
the lexical units in this frame have to do with an entity being in a state of order or disorder . often the entity is unexpressed in this frame and is , therefore , marked as a null instantiation . 	established customary state -LRB- especially of society -RRB- ; 	170
the lexical units in this frame are descriptions of a cognizer 's attitude about or outlook on a state_of_affairs . the state_of_affairs can be expressed without a cognizer in many cases , as shown in the following 	showing a brooding ill humor ; 	171
a salient subevent has a pattern of recurrence within a larger process . 	rhythm as given by division into parts of equal duration 	172
a cognizer introduces a new_idea into society . 	make a discovery , make a new finding ; 	173
an experiencer actualizes a certain pattern of behavior , a lifestyle , which persists for a significant period of time in the experiencer 's life and is recognized as part of his character or normal routine . the lifestyle is not necessarily realized intentionally , and may just be the result of circumstance . 	a characteristic state or mode of living ; 	174
a person has a particular mental state and the ability to engage in an activity with enthusiasm , energy , and positivity . 	animation and energy in action or expression ; 	175
this frame contains lus that express the form which a piece of artwork represents . the form may also represent the entire body of an artist 's work . the form may be further characterized by the time of some artwork 's creation or other descriptors . 	-LRB- architecture -RRB- one of original three styles of Greek architecture distinguished by the type of column and entablature used or a style developed from the original three by the Romans 	176
geography as defined by its use . 	a place where work is done ; 	177
an entity meets the pre-conditions for participating in an event . a degree modifier may be included to indicate by how much the entity exceeds or falls short of the minimum requirements . 	-LRB- usually followed by ` to ' -RRB- having the necessary means or skill or know-how or authority to do something ; 	178
a person -LRB- the cognizer -RRB- comes to believe something -LRB- the content -RRB- , sometimes after a process of reasoning . this change in belief is usually initiated by a person or piece of evidence . occasionally words in this domain are accompanied by phrases expressing topic , i.e. that which the mental content is about . 	establish after a calculation , investigation , experiment , survey , or study ; 	179
this frame contains verbs and nouns that communicate the act of a speaker to address a message to some addressee using language . a number of the words can be used performatively , such as declare and insist . 	state or say further ; 	180
this frame is concerned with the likelihood of a hypothetical_event occurring . the hypothetical_event is its only core frame element . notice that in the case where a noun phrase is the subject of the support verb , that np is also tagged as hypothetical_event . 	involving substantial risk ; 	181
in this frame an ingestor takes a substance into his or her body . the delivery_device can appear as a direct object . 	take or consume -LRB- regularly or habitually -RRB- ; 	182
the hearer receives a message or communication on a particular topic . words in this frame denote events of verbal communication , but express the hearer rather than the speaker as an external argument . 	to hear and understand ; 	183
this frame has to do with scientific taxonomy . the lexical units in this frame include the seven major classifications in which organisms are grouped based on common biological characteristics . these classifications are labeled rank in this frame . the members or subtype of the rank is often expressed with the use of the target-denoting noun . 	-LRB- biology -RRB- a taxonomic group containing one or more genera ; 	185
a perceiver determines the location of a sought_entity within a ground . 	come upon after searching ; find the location of something that was missed or lost ; 	186
in this frame a speaker asks an addressee for something , or to carry out some action . 	-LRB- often plural -RRB- a command given by a superior -LRB- e.g. , a military or law enforcement officer -RRB- that must be obeyed ; 	187
a piece of evidence indicates that an event occured , or metonymically , entity had formerly existed , in a location . 	an indication that something has been present ; 	188
a competition comes to an end , with a competitor tying , winning , or losing against an opponent -LRB- or opponents -RRB- according to their score . -LRB- in the symmetrical situation of a tie , the competitor and opponent may be jointly mentioned as competitors . -RRB- according to the score that the competitor and opponent have achieved , they may receive a rank or a prize . the margin may also be mentioned . 	finish third or better in a horse or dog race ; 	189
