last year he be want for murder . 	last year it be seek to murder . 	1
pro-market economist do not object to corporation that blatantly use snob appeal to promote they product . 	economist ' not against the company openly use the attractiveness of luxury to promote they product . 	2
and , perhaps most importantly , Ahmadinejad be a destabilizing influence ; Bernanke be not . 	and , perhaps the most important , Ahmadinejad destabilise influence , not bernanke . 	3
a Europe for all 	all Europe 	4
Gays and other `` modern '' practice be reject as self-indulgent . 	the gay and other practical `` Modern '' be reject , law . 	5
only a month ago , Mubarak dismiss demand for constitutional reform as `` futile . '' 	only a month before , muybarak refuse the demand of constitutional reform by tax they with `` futile . 	6
only a month ago , Mubarak dismiss demand for constitutional reform as `` futile . '' 	only one month before , muybarak disrupt the demand of constitutional reform by tax futile ' . 	7
Iraq 's future depend directly on the fate of iraqi oil production . 	the future of Iraq be link to oil production of the country . 	8
today 's great pax Europa and today 's pan-european prosperity depend on this . 	large pax europa of today , just like current prosperity paneuropéenne , depend on it . 	9
this tendency extend deeper than headscarve . 	this trend go well beyond simple headscarve . 	10
more than that , the division be reproduce at the local level . 	beyond the geographical division , division recur locally . 	11
but if Europe 's performance continue to decline , would this perception survive ? 	but can this image survive a continuation of the decline ? 	12
but if Europe 's performance continue to decline , would this perception survive ? 	but this image can survive a further decline ? 	13
the people Versus Putin 	putin against people 	14
the old version of the european response -- what psychologist might call `` dollar envy '' -- will only become more acute . 	the old version of the european response -lrb- what psychologist call `` the envy of the dollar ` only become more pervasive . 	15
but the return that make US stock market so attractive reflect a delicate political balance . 	but the return which return the US market of the transferable security if attract reflect a fragile political balance . 	16
each side have quite different theory and explanation of what be go on . 	every leader have markedly different explanation and theory on the situation . 	17
the answer lie in the support that indonesian pro-democracy activist can generate domestically and internationally . 	the answer be in the support that the democratic activist indonésiens will be able to generate nationally and internationally . 	18
they be ignorant , poor , and sick . 	they be for the moment . 	19
Jobs , in particular , will help young people to create new life through serious work . 	the job , in particular , help the young to invent new form of employment . 	20
Iraq 's future depend directly on the fate of iraqi oil production . 	the future of Iraq be relate to the oil production of the country . 	21
in other area , sharia law be be introduce by force . 	in other area , the sharia be impose . 	22
each time , radical improvement in technology make the threat evaporate . 	each time , radical technological progress make it off these threat . 	23
a prominent chinese businessman who divide he time between Hong-Kong and London be even more specific . 	a chinese influential businessman who share he time between Hong Kong and London , be even more precise . 	24
the answer lie in the support that indonesian pro-democracy activist can generate domestically and internationally . 	the answer lie in the support that democratic activist Indonesians may generate drive and internationally . 	25
but the return that make US stock market so attractive reflect a delicate political balance . 	but the return which make the market do not so attractive to reflect a fragile political equilibrium . 	26
the question be many . 	there be many question . 	27
but US stock price fall only 5.2 % between May 9 and May 24 . 	however , the Americans have only a fall of 5.2 % between 9 and on 24 may . 	28
each time , radical improvement in technology make the threat evaporate . 	each time , radical technological progress make slip these threat . 	29
Jobs , in particular , will help young people to create new life through serious work . 	Jobs , in particular , would help young people to forge new life through serious job . 	30
none of this absolve rich country of they responsibility to help . 	this do not however emerge rich country from they obligation to help . 	31
and , perhaps most importantly , Ahmadinejad be a destabilizing influence ; Bernanke be not . 	and , perhaps most important , Ahmadinejad exert a destabilizing influence , not Bernanke . 	32
this have leave the conservative opposition without a effective response . 	this leave the opposition conservative without any effective response . 	33
after all , they recommend the policy that politician may or may not want to consider . 	after all , they have recommend the policy that politician will take into account . 	34
this gross error be lead Russia to political ruin . 	and this mistake mistake be in the process of its political . 	35
he do , but the initiative do not get very far . 	what he have do without the initiative go very far . 	36
the old version of the european response -- what psychologist might call `` dollar envy '' -- will only become more acute . 	the old version of the european reaction -lrb- what the psychologist call `` the desire of the dollar '' -rrb- will become only more penetrate . 	37
last year he be want for murder . 	last year it be require for murder . 	38
the Political Stock Market 	the politicization of security market 	39
each side have quite different theory and explanation of what be go on . 	every originator have theory and explanation appreciably different on the situation . 	40
Jobs , in particular , will help young people to create new life through serious work . 	the job , help young people to forge new life through serious job . 	41
Tocqueville believe that there be no effective long-term constraint on this tendency . 	Tocqueville believe that in the long term , nothing can oppose really this trend . 	42
what we be witness today be a shift from a muslim identity to a islamist identity . 	we be witness today to change a muslim identity for a islamic identity . 	43
a defeat on Alstom would have profound consequence in Europe -- and not only for competition policy . 	on the question of lose Alstom would have serious repercussion in Europe and not just for the policy on competition . 	44
today 's great pax Europa and today 's pan-european prosperity depend on this . 	the large Europa pax today , just as the current pan-european prosperity , depend on it . 	45
last year he be want for murder . 	last year it be seek for murder . 	46
what we be witness today be a shift from a muslim identity to a islamist identity . 	in the absence of a change of association . 	47
but if Europe 's performance continue to decline , would this perception survive ? 	but this image can survive a further decline ? 	48
today 's great pax Europa and today 's pan-european prosperity depend on this . 	the great pax Europa today , as the current pan-european prosperity , depend on it . 	49
this have leave the conservative opposition without a effective response . 	that leave the conservative opposition without effective response . 	50
a defeat on Alstom would have profound consequence in Europe -- and not only for competition policy . 	lose on the question of Alstom would have serious repercussion in Europe and not just for policy on competition . 	51
but the return that make US stock market so attractive reflect a delicate political balance . 	but return which make american security market if attractive reflect a fragile political balance . 	52
only a month ago , Mubarak dismiss demand for constitutional reform as `` futile . '' 	only a month before , muybarak application of constitutional reform disrupt be `` futile . '' 	53
indeed , intolerance go right to the top of the turkish government . 	it be undeniable that intolerance reach until the meeting the turkish government . 	54
none of this absolve rich country of they responsibility to help . 	this do not however absolve the rich country of they obligation to help . 	55
indeed , the french philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitle a recent book Democracy against Itself . 	we can also note that the french philosopher Marcel Gauchet have call one of these recent book democracy against itself . 	56
after all , they recommend the policy that politician may or may not want to consider . 	after all , they have recommend the policy that the politician or not consideration . 	57
that be the spirit in which the european Constitution must be write . 	this be the spirit in which must be draw up the european Constitution . 	58
each side have quite different theory and explanation of what be go on . 	each player have markedly different theory and explanation on the situation . 	59
the book 's success be itself a sign of a kind of `` malaise . '' 	the success of the book be in itself a sign of Israel '' . 	60
Putin , too , also seem to suspect he regime 's impotence . 	and , also , of he regime . 	61
but if Europe 's performance continue to decline , would this perception survive ? 	but can this image survive a pursuit of decline ? 	62
the Political Stock Market 	the politicization of security market 	63
western Europeans , who have be spare this legacy , should heed we warning . 	the western Europeans , who have forget this history , should heed we warning . 	64
none of this absolve rich country of they responsibility to help . 	that do not release however the rich country of they obligation to help . 	65
they be ignorant , poor , and sick . 	they be culture , poor and sick . 	66
those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary . 	those who do not know the intensive farm method will be astonished perhaps the need for such legislation . 	67
today there be two plausible way to proceed against a depose tyrant . 	today there be two way plausible proceed against a tyrant depose . 	68
yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience be also take place within Islam . 	however , a process of de-institutionalisation of the religious experience be also happen within Islam . 	69
Ahmadinejad be embark on a adventure ; Bernanke be not . 	Ahmadinejad be embark on a adventure , not Bernanke . 	70
other way be need . 	it be necessary to find other means . 	71
foremost among these be that economic development be largely in the hand of poor nation themselves . 	at the forefront of these lesson we find that economic development be leave largely in the hand of poor nation themselves . 	72
a Europe for all 	Europe for all 	73
this have leave the conservative opposition without a effective response . 	this leave the conservative opposition without any effective response . 	74
today there be two plausible way to proceed against a depose tyrant . 	today there be two plausible way to proceed with regard to a relieved tyrant . 	75
pro-market economist do not object to corporation that blatantly use snob appeal to promote they product . 	economist pro-marché not contradictory business that use openly the attraction of luxury to promote they product . 	76
but America 's interest in iraqi oil be not drive either by economics or energy policy . 	but the interest of America for iraqi oil be not dictate by the economy or the energy policy . 	77
a prominent chinese businessman who divide he time between Hong-Kong and London be even more specific . 	a businessman chinese influential , which share he time between Hong Kong and London , be even more specific . 	78
some result be remarkable . 	some be noteworthy result . 	79
none of this absolve rich country of they responsibility to help . 	but that do not detract rich country from they obligation to help . 	80
he do , but the initiative do not get very far . 	what he have do without the initiative go very far . 	81
yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience be also take place within Islam . 	however , a process of de-institutionalisation religious experience be also happen within Islam . 	82
but from the american point of view , the international role of the dollar be a trap . 	but the american point of view , the international role of the dollar be a trap . 	83
be a muslim and be a islamist be not the same thing . 	to be muslim and be Islamiste be two different thing . 	84
Putin 's Russia have already lose 12 lead journalist to murder in the past six year . 	Putin 's Russia have already lose 12 prominent journalist , murder in the last six year . 	85
but US stock price fall only 5.2 % between May 9 and May 24 . 	however , the american course do not show that a fall of 5,2 % between the 9 and on May 24 . 	86
indeed , the french philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitle a recent book Democracy against Itself . 	we can also note the french philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitle , one of these recent book against democracy itself . 	87
this be a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak , the sole ruler for 24 year . 	this be a implicit but clear repudiation of Mubarak , only Head of State for 24 year . 	88
foremost among these be that economic development be largely in the hand of poor nation themselves . 	at the forefront of these lesson , we learn that economic development be largely leave in the hand of poor nation themselves . 	89
some result be remarkable . 	some be noteworthy result . 	90
will it give we the right to divorce the husband who abandon we ? 	they would give the right to divorce the husband who would have abandon they ? 	91
but US stock price fall only 5.2 % between May 9 and May 24 . 	yet , the Americans have accuse a lowering of 5.2 % between 9 and 24 May . 	92
a Europe for all 	a Europe for all 	93
Putin 's Russia have already lose 12 lead journalist to murder in the past six year . 	the Russia of Putin have already lose 12 prominent journalist , murder during the last six year . 	94
the answer lie in the support that indonesian pro-democracy activist can generate domestically and internationally . 	the answer lie in the support that the indonesian democrat will generate activist domestically and internationally . 	95
but US stock price fall only 5.2 % between May 9 and May 24 . 	but the US price do not show that a decline in 5.2 % between 9 and 24 May . 	96
that be the spirit in which the european Constitution must be write . 	that be the spirit in which the european Constitution should be develop . 	97
but US stock price fall only 5.2 % between May 9 and May 24 . 	yet the US court have indict that a reduction of 5.2 % between 9 and 24 May . 	98
will it give we the right to divorce the husband who abandon we ? 	they donnerait-elle the right to divorce spouse who would have abandon ? 	99
other way be need . 	other means should be find . 	100
yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience be also take place within Islam . 	however , a process of the United States and also within Islam . 	101
but America 's interest in iraqi oil be not drive either by economics or energy policy . 	but the interest of America for iraqi oil be dictate by the economy or the energy policy . 	102
other way be need . 	we must find other way . 	103
the Political Stock Market 	the politicization of security market 	104
but America 's interest in iraqi oil be not drive either by economics or energy policy . 	but the interest of the iraqi people be not dictate by the economy or by energy policy . 	105
this gross error be lead Russia to political ruin . 	and this gross mistake be conduct Russia policy to he downfall . 	106
and , perhaps most importantly , Ahmadinejad be a destabilizing influence ; Bernanke be not . 	and , perhaps most important , Ahmadinejad have destabilizing influence , not Bernanke 	107
each time , radical improvement in technology make the threat evaporate . 	each time , radical technological progress off these threat . 	108
what we be witness today be a shift from a muslim identity to a islamist identity . 	we be witness today to change a muslim identity for a islamic identity . 	109
the bottom line be that when interest rate rise , asset value will fall . 	the most important thing be that when interest rate go up , the value of the active fall . 	110
each time , radical improvement in technology make the threat evaporate . 	each time , technological progress radical have make these threat slip . 	111
that be the spirit in which the european Constitution must be write . 	it be in that spirit must be develop the european Constitution . 	112
but from the american point of view , the international role of the dollar be a trap . 	but the US point of view , the international role of the dollar be a trap . 	113
this tendency extend deeper than headscarve . 	this trend go well beyond simple scarf . 	114
other way be need . 	we must find other way . 	115
Putin 's Russia have already lose 12 lead journalist to murder in the past six year . 	Russia of Putin already lose 12 eminent journalist , assassinate during the six last year . 	116
the book 's success be itself a sign of a kind of `` malaise . '' 	the success of book be itself a sign of ` malaise ' . 	117
they be ignorant , poor , and sick . 	they be uncultivated , poor and sick . 	118
the president have fewer power than it seem , overshadow particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . 	the president have less of capacity than it do not appear to with it , and it particuli rement be particuli rement eclipse by the guide supr I the Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . 	119
indeed , intolerance go right to the top of the turkish government . 	it be indisputable that reach to the turkish government . 	120
a prominent chinese businessman who divide he time between Hong-Kong and London be even more specific . 	a business chinese influence , which share he time between Hong Kong and London , be more precise . 	121
the book 's success be itself a sign of a kind of `` malaise . '' 	the success of the book be in itself a sign of `` malaise . 	122
the Political Stock Market 	politicization of the security market 	123
Tocqueville believe that there be no effective long-term constraint on this tendency . 	Tocqueville think in the long run , nothing can be really oppose this trend . 	124
Tocqueville believe that there be no effective long-term constraint on this tendency . 	Tocqueville believe that in the long term , nothing can actually oppose this trend . 	125
moreover , the main oil exporter be unwilling to subordinate they investment policy to market requirement . 	who more be , the large oil exporter be not be willing to subject they policy of investment to the market rate . 	126
they be ignorant , poor , and sick . 	they be poor , sick and uncultivated . 	127
pro-market economist do not object to corporation that blatantly use snob appeal to promote they product . 	the economist , do not include the company which use the attraction of luxury to promote they product . 	128
the Political Stock Market 	the politicisation of the security market 	129
a prominent chinese businessman who divide he time between Hong-Kong and London be even more specific . 	a influential chinese business man , who share he time between HongKong and London , be even more precise . 	130
moreover , the main oil exporter be unwilling to subordinate they investment policy to market requirement . 	moreover , the major exporter of oil be not prepare to submit they investment policy to market condition . 	131
western Europeans , who have be spare this legacy , should heed we warning . 	the western Europeans , who have forget this story , should take account of we warning . 	132
what we be witness today be a shift from a muslim identity to a islamist identity . 	today we be to change a muslim identity for islamic identity . 	133
only a month ago , Mubarak dismiss demand for constitutional reform as `` futile . '' 	only one month before , Muybarak refuse the demand of constitutional reform by tax they with `` futile '' . 	134
it then appoint a task force to formulate the necessary change in tax and spending policy . 	he have appoint a work party to make the necessary change to the policy of public spending and fiscal policy . 	135
those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary . 	those who do not know the intensive method surprise the necessity of such legislation . 	136
be a muslim and be a islamist be not the same thing . 	it be necessary to be two different thing . 	137
it then appoint a task force to formulate the necessary change in tax and spending policy . 	it have appoint a work group responsible for draw the necessary change to bring to public expenditure and fiscal policy . 	138
some result be remarkable . 	certain result be remarkable . 	139
but , like the Union itself , it will be build and it will be do . 	but as the European Union itself , and it will build it . 	140
will it give we the right to divorce the husband who abandon we ? 	they give it the right to divorce the husband who have abandon ? 	141
after all , they recommend the policy that politician may or may not want to consider . 	after all , they recommend the policy which the politician take or not into account . 	142
today there be two plausible way to proceed against a depose tyrant . 	today there be two way of proceed to the origin . 	143
in other area , sharia law be be introduce by force . 	in other area , the Sharia be impose . 	144
but if Europe 's performance continue to decline , would this perception survive ? 	but this picture can survive in a european ? 	145
this tendency extend deeper than headscarve . 	this trend go well beyond simple headscarve . 	146
but , like the Union itself , it will be build and it will be do . 	but as the European Union itself , build and happen . 	147
the president have fewer power than it seem , overshadow particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . 	the President have fewer power than it seem , and it be particuli failure to overshadow by the Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . 	148
Jobs , in particular , will help young people to create new life through serious work . 	the job , in particular , would help young people to forge new life in job serious . 	149
western Europeans , who have be spare this legacy , should heed we warning . 	western Europeans , who have forget this story , should heed we warning . 	150
this gross error be lead Russia to political ruin . 	and this big mistake be lead Russia to its political ruin . 	151
today 's great pax Europa and today 's pan-european prosperity depend on this . 	the great pax Europa today , as the current pan-european prosperity , depend . 	152
but , like the Union itself , it will be build and it will be do . 	but as the European Union itself , this will be build and this will happen . 	153
western Europeans , who have be spare this legacy , should heed we warning . 	the western Europeans , who have forget this history , should take account of we warning . 	154
western Europeans , who have be spare this legacy , should heed we warning . 	western Europeans , who have forget this history , should take account of we warning . 	155
that be the spirit in which the european Constitution must be write . 	that be the spirit in which must be work out the european Constitution . 	156
Putin 's Russia have already lose 12 lead journalist to murder in the past six year . 	Putin 's Russia already lose 12 prominent journalist , murder during the past six year . 	157
the president have fewer power than it seem , overshadow particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . 	the President have less power than it seem , and it be particuli to rement overshadow by the ayatollah supr to guide I Ali Khamenei . 	158
after all , they recommend the policy that politician may or may not want to consider . 	after all , they recommend policy that politician or not take into account . 	159
the people Versus Putin 	the people against Putin 	160
Tocqueville believe that there be no effective long-term constraint on this tendency . 	Tocqueville believe that in the long term , nothing can oppose really to this trend . 	161
the question be many . 	many question be . 	162
but they be necessary . 	but they be necessary . 	163
moreover , the main oil exporter be unwilling to subordinate they investment policy to market requirement . 	moreover , the major oil exporter be not willing to submit they investment policy to market condition . 	164
but from the american point of view , the international role of the dollar be a trap . 	but from the american point of view , the international role of the dollar be a trap . 	165
foremost among these be that economic development be largely in the hand of poor nation themselves . 	in the foreground of these lesson , one discover that economic development be leave mainly in the hand of the poor nation themselves . 	166
and , perhaps most importantly , Ahmadinejad be a destabilizing influence ; Bernanke be not . 	and , perhaps the most important , Ahmadinejad affect destabilizing , Bernanke . 	167
the bottom line be that when interest rate rise , asset value will fall . 	the key be that when interest rate be fall , the value of the active . 	168
after all , they recommend the policy that politician may or may not want to consider . 	after all , they have policy that take or no consideration . 	169
Gays and other `` modern '' practice be reject as self-indulgent . 	the gay and other ` modern ' practice be reject because nombriliste . 	170
western Europeans , who have be spare this legacy , should heed we warning . 	Europeans of the West , who forget this history , should take account of we warning statement . 	171
indeed , intolerance go right to the top of the turkish government . 	it be undeniable that intolerance reach at summit of the turkish government . 	172
this have leave the conservative opposition without a effective response . 	that leave the conservative opposition without any effective answer . 	173
the answer lie in the support that indonesian pro-democracy activist can generate domestically and internationally . 	the answer lie in the support that the indonesian democrat activist will generate national and internationally . 	174
Putin , too , also seem to suspect he regime 's impotence . 	Putin , too , seem suspect the powerlessness of he regime . 	175
pro-market economist do not object to corporation that blatantly use snob appeal to promote they product . 	economist pro-marché company which do not stand openly use the attractiveness of luxury to promote they product . 	176
each time , radical improvement in technology make the threat evaporate . 	every time , technological progress to fly these threat . 	177
western Europeans , who have be spare this legacy , should heed we warning . 	western Europeans , who have forget this history , should heed we warning . 	178
it then appoint a task force to formulate the necessary change in tax and spending policy . 	he then appoint a work group to formulate the necessary change to the policy of public spending and the fiscal policy . 	179
last year he be want for murder . 	last year it be require for murder . 	180
each side have quite different theory and explanation of what be go on . 	every originator have theory and explanation significantly different on the situation . 	181
today there be two plausible way to proceed against a depose tyrant . 	today there be two plausible way to proceed as regard a burden tyrant . 	182
today 's great pax Europa and today 's pan-european prosperity depend on this . 	the large Europa of today , just as the prosperity , depend on it . 	183
yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience be also take place within Islam . 	however , a process of de-institutionalisation of religious experience be also happen within Islam . 	184
each time , radical improvement in technology make the threat evaporate . 	each time , of radical technological progress leave these threat . 	185
Putin 's Russia have already lose 12 lead journalist to murder in the past six year . 	Russia have already lose 12 distinguished journalist , murder in the course of the past six year . 	186
the old version of the european response -- what psychologist might call `` dollar envy '' -- will only become more acute . 	the former version of the european reaction -lrb- what psychologist call `` the envy dollar -rrb- only become more pénétrante . 	187
the people Versus Putin 	people against Putin 	188
but the return that make US stock market so attractive reflect a delicate political balance . 	but the return which make the american security market if attractive reflect a fragile political balance . 	189
today there be two plausible way to proceed against a depose tyrant . 	today there be two way plausible to undertake a tyrant depose . 	190
only a month ago , Mubarak dismiss demand for constitutional reform as `` futile . '' 	only a month before , , the demand of constitutional reform in the five '' . 	191
the president have fewer power than it seem , overshadow particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . 	the President have fewer power that it seem , and it be particuli rement overshadow by the supr guide I Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . 	192
the answer lie in the support that indonesian pro-democracy activist can generate domestically and internationally . 	the answer lie in the support that democratic activist Indonesia can generate nationalement and internationally . 	193
Putin , too , also seem to suspect he regime 's impotence . 	Putin , too , seem suspect the powerlessness of he regime . 	194
each side have quite different theory and explanation of what be go on . 	each player have the theory and explanation markedly different situation . 	195
this gross error be lead Russia to political ruin . 	and this gross error be conduct Russia to he downfall policy . 	196
it then appoint a task force to formulate the necessary change in tax and spending policy . 	then appoint a work party to make the necessary change to give the policy public spending and to fiscal policy . 	197
the people Versus Putin 	the people against Putin 	198
pro-market economist do not object to corporation that blatantly use snob appeal to promote they product . 	economist pro-marché be not oppose to company which openly use the attractiveness of luxury to promote they product . 	199
Gays and other `` modern '' practice be reject as self-indulgent . 	the gay and other practice modern ` be reject , because navel-gazing . 	200
but they be necessary . 	but they be necessary . 	201
the Political Stock Market 	the politicization of security market 	202
the old version of the european response -- what psychologist might call `` dollar envy '' -- will only become more acute . 	the old version of the european reaction -lrb- what psychologist call `` the envy of the dollar ' -rrb- will only more pervasive . 	203
the president have fewer power than it seem , overshadow particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . 	the President have power than it appear , and it be particularly eclipse by the Supreme Ali Khamenei . 	204
and , perhaps most importantly , Ahmadinejad be a destabilizing influence ; Bernanke be not . 	and , perhaps most importantly , Ahmadinejad have a influence , not destabilizing Bernanke . 	205
the bottom line be that when interest rate rise , asset value will fall . 	essence , it be that when interest rate go up , the value of the credit fall . 	206
after all , they recommend the policy that politician may or may not want to consider . 	after all , they recommend the policy that politician will take into account . 	207
the question be many . 	the question be many . 	208
but the return that make US stock market so attractive reflect a delicate political balance . 	but the return that make american security market so attractive reflect a fragile political balance . 	209
those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary . 	those who do not know the method of intensive farming , will perhaps the need for such legislation . 	210
be a muslim and be a islamist be not the same thing . 	to be muslim and islamiste be two different thing . 	211
those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary . 	those who do not know the intensive farm method astonished perhaps the need for such legislation . 	212
the question be many . 	there be many question . 	213
this be a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak , the sole ruler for 24 year . 	this be a implicit répudiation but clear of Mubarak , only Head of State for 24 year . 	214
a defeat on Alstom would have profound consequence in Europe -- and not only for competition policy . 	lose on the question of Alstom would have serious repercussion in Europe and not just for policy on competition . 	215
the question be many . 	the question be numerous . 	216
Gays and other `` modern '' practice be reject as self-indulgent . 	Gays and other practice `` modern ' be reject because among selfcentr . 	217
more than that , the division be reproduce at the local level . 	beyond the geographical division , the division occur locally . 	218
Putin 's Russia have already lose 12 lead journalist to murder in the past six year . 	Putin 's Russia have already lose 12 distinguished journalist murder during the past six year . 	219
Gays and other `` modern '' practice be reject as self-indulgent . 	the catch and other practice , because . 	220
Jobs , in particular , will help young people to create new life through serious work . 	the job , in particular , would help young people to create new life in serious job . 	221
last year he be want for murder . 	last year it be seek for murder . 	222
Tocqueville believe that there be no effective long-term constraint on this tendency . 	Thought that in the long term , nothing can actually to this trend . 	223
foremost among these be that economic development be largely in the hand of poor nation themselves . 	in the forefront of these lesson , we discover that economic development be leave largely in the hand of poor nation themselves . 	224
but , like the Union itself , it will be build and it will be do . 	but just as the European Union itself , and that it will be do . 	225
this gross error be lead Russia to political ruin . 	and this serious error be take to Russia to its ruin policy . 	226
but America 's interest in iraqi oil be not drive either by economics or energy policy . 	but America 's interest for iraqi oil be not dictate by the economy or by energy policy . 	227
some result be remarkable . 	some result be remarkable . 	228
a Europe for all 	a Europe for all 	229
those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary . 	perhaps those who do not know the method of intensive farming will we by the need for such legislation . 	230
this be a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak , the sole ruler for 24 year . 	this be a implicit but clear repudiation of Mubarak , only Head of State for 24 year . 	231
after all , they recommend the policy that politician may or may not want to consider . 	after all , they have recommend policy that politician or take into consideration . 	232
he do , but the initiative do not get very far . 	he have do , that the initiative not go very far . 	233
some result be remarkable . 	some result . 	234
but from the american point of view , the international role of the dollar be a trap . 	but from the american view , the international role of the dollar be a trap . 	235
but from the american point of view , the international role of the dollar be a trap . 	but from the point of view of the international role be a trap . 	236
be a muslim and be a islamist be not the same thing . 	to be muslim and Islamiste be two different thing . 	237
only a month ago , Mubarak dismiss demand for constitutional reform as `` futile . '' 	only a month ago , disrupt Muybarak application of constitutional reform be a ` futile ' . 	238
moreover , the main oil exporter be unwilling to subordinate they investment policy to market requirement . 	moreover , the major oil exporter be not prepare to subject they policy of investment to market rate . 	239
the book 's success be itself a sign of a kind of `` malaise . '' 	the success of the book be in itself a sign of ` malaise . 	240
the answer lie in the support that indonesian pro-democracy activist can generate domestically and internationally . 	the answer lie in the support that the indonesian democrat activist will generate domestically and internationally . 	241
but , like the Union itself , it will be build and it will be do . 	but just like the European Union itself , that will be build and that will be do . 	242
Putin 's Russia have already lose 12 lead journalist to murder in the past six year . 	Putin 's Russia have already lose 12 prominent journalist , murder during the past six year . 	243
a Europe for all 	a Europe for all 	244
will it give we the right to divorce the husband who abandon we ? 	they donnerait-elle divorce law spouse who have abandon they ? 	245
yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience be also take place within Islam . 	however , a process of désinstitutionalisation experience of religious also happen within Islam . 	246
today there be two plausible way to proceed against a depose tyrant . 	today there be two plausible way to a tyrant depose . 	247
he do , but the initiative do not get very far . 	what he have do without the initiative go too far . 	248
none of this absolve rich country of they responsibility to help . 	this do not release but rich country of they obligation to help . 	249
none of this absolve rich country of they responsibility to help . 	this do not , however , rich country emerge from they obligation to help . 	250
today there be two plausible way to proceed against a depose tyrant . 	today there be two way to proceed plausible towards a tyrant depose . 	251
but they be necessary . 	but they be necessary . 	252
Ahmadinejad be embark on a adventure ; Bernanke be not . 	Ahmadinejad have embarque in a adventure , not Bernanke . 	253
but , like the Union itself , it will be build and it will be do . 	but just as the European Union itself , and this will happen . 	254
Putin , too , also seem to suspect he regime 's impotence . 	Putin , also , seem to he to suspect the impotence of its mode . 	255
indeed , intolerance go right to the top of the turkish government . 	it be undeniable that intolerance reach to the height of turkish government . 	256
those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary . 	perhaps those which do not know the method of intensive breed will astonish by the need for such a legislation . 	257
a prominent chinese businessman who divide he time between Hong-Kong and London be even more specific . 	a influential chinese businessman , who share he time between Hong Kong and London , be even more specific . 	258
in other area , sharia law be be introduce by force . 	in other area , Sharia law be impose . 	259
he do , but the initiative do not get very far . 	what it have do without initiative go very far . 	260
this have leave the conservative opposition without a effective response . 	that leave the opposition and without any effective response . 	261
but if Europe 's performance continue to decline , would this perception survive ? 	but this image further decline can survive ? 	262
but America 's interest in iraqi oil be not drive either by economics or energy policy . 	but the interest of America for iraqi oil be not dictate by the economy or by energy policy . 	263
some result be remarkable . 	some result . 	264
Gays and other `` modern '' practice be reject as self-indulgent . 	the gay and other practical `` modern '' be reject , because nombrilist . 	265
the old version of the european response -- what psychologist might call `` dollar envy '' -- will only become more acute . 	the old version of the european reaction -lrb- what psychologist call '' 's desire dollar '' -rrb- will become more pervasive . 	266
Ahmadinejad be embark on a adventure ; Bernanke be not . 	Ahmadinejad be embark upon a adventure , Bernanke . 	267
foremost among these be that economic development be largely in the hand of poor nation themselves . 	at the forefront of these lesson , one discover that economic development be largely in the hand of poor nation themselves . 	268
a Europe for all 	a Europe for all 	269
Gays and other `` modern '' practice be reject as self-indulgent . 	the gay and other practice `` Modern '' be reject , because nombriliste . 	270
Iraq 's future depend directly on the fate of iraqi oil production . 	the future of Iraq be link to the country . 	271
the people Versus Putin 	the people against Putin 	272
what we be witness today be a shift from a muslim identity to a islamist identity . 	we attend today the change of a Moslem identity for a islamist identity . 	273
Jobs , in particular , will help young people to create new life through serious work . 	Employment , in particular , would help young people to forge new life through serious employment . 	274
that be the spirit in which the european Constitution must be write . 	that be the spirit in which must be draw up the Constitution . 	275
moreover , the main oil exporter be unwilling to subordinate they investment policy to market requirement . 	moreover , the major oil exporter be not prepare to submit they investment policy under market condition . 	276
Ahmadinejad be embark on a adventure ; Bernanke be not . 	Ahmadinejad board in a adventure , not Bernanke 	277
foremost among these be that economic development be largely in the hand of poor nation themselves . 	the first of these lesson , we discover that economic development be largely leave in the hand of poor nation themselves . 	278
in other area , sharia law be be introduce by force . 	in other area , the charia be impose . 	279
be a muslim and be a islamist be not the same thing . 	Etre muslim and be islamic be two different thing . 	280
he do , but the initiative do not get very far . 	what happen the initiative do not go very far . 	281
they be ignorant , poor , and sick . 	they be poor , sick and uncultivated . 	282
it then appoint a task force to formulate the necessary change in tax and spending policy . 	it then name a work group charge to formulate the change necessary to bring to the policy public expenditure and to the fiscal policy . 	283
the bottom line be that when interest rate rise , asset value will fall . 	the bottom line be that when interest rate go up , the value of credit fall . 	284
but , like the Union itself , it will be build and it will be do . 	but like the EU itself , this will be build and this will happen . 	285
the old version of the european response -- what psychologist might call `` dollar envy '' -- will only become more acute . 	the former version of the european reaction -lrb- what psychologist call ` envy the dollar ' -rrb- will only most perceptively . 	286
the question be many . 	there be many question . 	287
Putin , too , also seem to suspect he regime 's impotence . 	Putin , too , seem accuse the powerlessness of he regime . 	288
this tendency extend deeper than headscarve . 	this trend go well beyond simple scarf . 	289
will it give we the right to divorce the husband who abandon we ? 	they would give the right to divorce the husband who would have give up they ? 	290
it then appoint a task force to formulate the necessary change in tax and spending policy . 	it be then appoint a work party to make the necessary change to policy of public spending and tax policy . 	291
they be ignorant , poor , and sick . 	they be uncultivated , poor and sick . 	292
it then appoint a task force to formulate the necessary change in tax and spending policy . 	then he appoint a work party to make the necessary change to the policy of public spending and fiscal policy . 	293
but the return that make US stock market so attractive reflect a delicate political balance . 	but the return which make market american Securities so attractive reflect a fragile political balance . 	294
the people Versus Putin 	the people against Putin 	295
indeed , the french philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitle a recent book Democracy against Itself . 	they may also note that the french philosopher Marcel Gauchet call one of these recent its democracy against itself . 	296
this tendency extend deeper than headscarve . 	this tendency go well beyond the simple scarf . 	297
but America 's interest in iraqi oil be not drive either by economics or energy policy . 	but America 's interest for iraqi oil be not dictate by the economy or by energy policy . 	298
Ahmadinejad be embark on a adventure ; Bernanke be not . 	Ahmadinejad board in a adventure , then . 	299
but America 's interest in iraqi oil be not drive either by economics or energy policy . 	but America 's interest to iraqi oil be not dictate by the economy or by energy policy . 	300
the answer lie in the support that indonesian pro-democracy activist can generate domestically and internationally . 	the answer lie in the support that all will be able to generate nationally and internationally . 	301
more than that , the division be reproduce at the local level . 	beyond the geographical division , the division occur at local level . 	302
the bottom line be that when interest rate rise , asset value will fall . 	the important thing be that when interest rate amount , the value of the active fall . 	303
today 's great pax Europa and today 's pan-european prosperity depend on this . 	big pax Europe of today , like current prosperity pan-european , depend on it . 	304
but if Europe 's performance continue to decline , would this perception survive ? 	but this picture can survive a continue decline ? 	305
in other area , sharia law be be introduce by force . 	in other region , the sharia be impose . 	306
the president have fewer power than it seem , overshadow particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . 	President have fewer power than it appear to be , and it be this particuli rement overshadow by the guide supr to I Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . 	307
other way be need . 	we must find other way . 	308
a prominent chinese businessman who divide he time between Hong-Kong and London be even more specific . 	a man of influential , which share he time between Hong Kong and London , have even be more precise . 	309
they be ignorant , poor , and sick . 	they be poor , sick and uncultivated . 	310
a defeat on Alstom would have profound consequence in Europe -- and not only for competition policy . 	Waste on the question of the Alstom Group would have serious repercussion in Europe and not only for the policy on competition . 	311
indeed , the french philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitle a recent book Democracy against Itself . 	we can also see that the french philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitle one recent book democracy against itself . 	312
each side have quite different theory and explanation of what be go on . 	each protagonist have appreciably different theory and explanation on the situation . 	313
the book 's success be itself a sign of a kind of `` malaise . '' 	the success of the book be in itself a sign of ` malaise . '' 	314
more than that , the division be reproduce at the local level . 	beyond geographical division , division reproduce at the local level . 	315
and , perhaps most importantly , Ahmadinejad be a destabilizing influence ; Bernanke be not . 	and , perhaps most importantly , Ahmadinejad influence destabilizing , not Bernanke . 	316
other way be need . 	other means should be find . 	317
this have leave the conservative opposition without a effective response . 	this leave opposition conservative without effective response . 	318
moreover , the main oil exporter be unwilling to subordinate they investment policy to market requirement . 	what be more , the large oil exporter be not prepare to submit they investment policy to market condition . 	319
only a month ago , Mubarak dismiss demand for constitutional reform as `` futile . '' 	only a month ago , muybarak écartait for constitutional reform in the taxing of `` futile . 	320
the book 's success be itself a sign of a kind of `` malaise . '' 	the success of the book constitute in itself a sign of `` faintness '' . 	321
other way be need . 	we must find other way . 	322
Jobs , in particular , will help young people to create new life through serious work . 	Employment , in particular , would help the young people to forge new life thanks to serious employment . 	323
Putin , too , also seem to suspect he regime 's impotence . 	Putin , too , seem suspicion powerlessness of he regime . 	324
this gross error be lead Russia to political ruin . 	and this great mistake be Russia to ruin its policy . 	325
each time , radical improvement in technology make the threat evaporate . 	each time , of radical technological advancement make fly away these threat . 	326
but they be necessary . 	but they be necessary . 	327
a Europe for all 	a Europe for all 	328
but they be necessary . 	but they be need . 	329
this be a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak , the sole ruler for 24 year . 	it have be a implicit but clear repudiation of Mubarak , only Head of State for 24 year . 	330
each side have quite different theory and explanation of what be go on . 	every leader have theory and markedly different explanation regard the situation . 	331
what we be witness today be a shift from a muslim identity to a islamist identity . 	we be now witness the change of muslim identity for a islamic identity . 	332
more than that , the division be reproduce at the local level . 	beyond the geographical division , the division recur at local level . 	333
a defeat on Alstom would have profound consequence in Europe -- and not only for competition policy . 	lose of Alstom would have serious repercussion in Europe and not just for policy on competition . 	334
this be a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak , the sole ruler for 24 year . 	this be a implicit but clear répudiation of Mubarak , only Head of State for 24 year . 	335
the book 's success be itself a sign of a kind of `` malaise . '' 	the success of the paper be itself a sign of malaise '' . 	336
a defeat on Alstom would have profound consequence in Europe -- and not only for competition policy . 	to lose on the question of Alstom would have serious effect in Europe and not only for the policy on competition . 	337
yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience be also take place within Islam . 	however , a process of desinstitutionalisation of the religious experiment also occur within Islam . 	338
Ahmadinejad be embark on a adventure ; Bernanke be not . 	Ahmadinejad embark in a adventure , not Bernanke . 	339
that be the spirit in which the european Constitution must be write . 	such be the spirit in which must be elaborate the european Constitution . 	340
but from the american point of view , the international role of the dollar be a trap . 	but the view we the international role of the dollar be a trap . 	341
last year he be want for murder . 	last year it be seek for murder . 	342
last year he be want for murder . 	last year it be seek for murder . 	343
and , perhaps most importantly , Ahmadinejad be a destabilizing influence ; Bernanke be not . 	and , perhaps the most important , the destabilising influence , not then . 	344
be a muslim and be a islamist be not the same thing . 	to be Moslem and be Islamiste be two different thing . 	345
the bottom line be that when interest rate rise , asset value will fall . 	the most important thing , however , be that when the rate of interest , the value . 	346
more than that , the division be reproduce at the local level . 	beyond geographical division , division reproduce at the local level . 	347
will it give we the right to divorce the husband who abandon we ? 	they donnerait-elle divorce law spouse who would have abandon ? 	348
Tocqueville believe that there be no effective long-term constraint on this tendency . 	Tocqueville believe that in the long term , nothing can really object to this trend . 	349
but they be necessary . 	but they be necessary . 	350
Iraq 's future depend directly on the fate of iraqi oil production . 	the future of Iraq be link to the oil production in the country . 	351
this have leave the conservative opposition without a effective response . 	this leave the conservative opposition without any effective response . 	352
Iraq 's future depend directly on the fate of iraqi oil production . 	Iraq 's future be link to oil production of the country . 	353
but the return that make US stock market so attractive reflect a delicate political balance . 	but the return that make we market of security if attractive reflect a fragile political balance . 	354
yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience be also take place within Islam . 	however , a process of deinstitutionalisation of religious experience also happen within Islam . 	355
Putin , too , also seem to suspect he regime 's impotence . 	Putin , too , seem to suspect the powerlessness of he regime . 	356
none of this absolve rich country of they responsibility to help . 	that do not , however , the rich country of they obligation to help . 	357
today 's great pax Europa and today 's pan-european prosperity depend on this . 	the great pax Europe of today , as prosperity pan-european today , depend on it . 	358
indeed , intolerance go right to the top of the turkish government . 	it be undeniable that intolerance reach until the top of the turkish government . 	359
moreover , the main oil exporter be unwilling to subordinate they investment policy to market requirement . 	what be more , the situation of oil be not prepare to submit they policy of investment to market condition . 	360
this gross error be lead Russia to political ruin . 	and this important mistaken be lead Russia to its political ruin . 	361
pro-market economist do not object to corporation that blatantly use snob appeal to promote they product . 	economist pro market do not oppose company which use openly the attractiveness of luxury to promote they product . 	362
the president have fewer power than it seem , overshadow particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . 	the President have fewer power than it they may seem , special to revive be special to revive overshadow by guide supreme to I the Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . 	363
the question be many . 	there be many question . 	364
a prominent chinese businessman who divide he time between Hong-Kong and London be even more specific . 	a businessman chinese influential , who share he time between Hong Kong and London , be even more precise . 	365
foremost among these be that economic development be largely in the hand of poor nation themselves . 	on top of these lesson , we discover that economic development be leave largely in the hand of poor nation themselves . 	366
the people Versus Putin 	the people against Putin 	367
that be the spirit in which the european Constitution must be write . 	that be the spirit in which must be develop the european Constitution . 	368
some result be remarkable . 	some result be remarkable . 	369
this be a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak , the sole ruler for 24 year . 	it have be a implicit but clear repudiation of Mubarak , only Head of State for 24 year . 	370
but from the american point of view , the international role of the dollar be a trap . 	but the US point of view , the international role of the dollar be a trap . 	371
the old version of the european response -- what psychologist might call `` dollar envy '' -- will only become more acute . 	the former version of the european reaction -lrb- the desire call `` the desire of the '' -rrb- '' . 	372
pro-market economist do not object to corporation that blatantly use snob appeal to promote they product . 	the economist pro-market do not oppose the company which openly use the attraction of the luxury to promote they product . 	373
Ahmadinejad be embark on a adventure ; Bernanke be not . 	Ahmadinejad be embark on a adventure , not bernanke . 	374
more than that , the division be reproduce at the local level . 	beyond the geographical division , at local level . 	375
indeed , intolerance go right to the top of the turkish government . 	it be undeniable that intolerance reach summit of the turkish government . 	376
the Political Stock Market 	the politization of the market of the transferable security 	377
Iraq 's future depend directly on the fate of iraqi oil production . 	the future of Iraq be link to oil production . 	378
this tendency extend deeper than headscarve . 	this trend go well beyond simple scarf . 	379
indeed , intolerance go right to the top of the turkish government . 	it be undeniable that intolerance reach until the height of the turkish government . 	380
indeed , the french philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitle a recent book Democracy against Itself . 	we can also note that the french philosopher , Marcel Gauchet have call one of these recent book democracy against itself . 	381
be a muslim and be a islamist be not the same thing . 	to be muslim and islamic be two different thing . 	382
in other area , sharia law be be introduce by force . 	in other region , the sharia be impose . 	383
indeed , the french philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitle a recent book Democracy against Itself . 	one can also note that the french philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitle one of these recent book the democracy against itself . 	384
Iraq 's future depend directly on the fate of iraqi oil production . 	the future of Iraq be link to the oil production . 	385
in other area , sharia law be be introduce by force . 	in other region , the Sharia be impose . 	386
what we be witness today be a shift from a muslim identity to a islamist identity . 	we be witness today to change a muslim identity for a islamic identity . 	387
those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary . 	those who do not know the intensive farm method will be astonished perhaps the need for such legislation . 	388
indeed , the french philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitle a recent book Democracy against Itself . 	we can also note that the french philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitle the recent book against democracy itself . 	389
this tendency extend deeper than headscarve . 	this tendency go well beyond simple . 	390
this be a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak , the sole ruler for 24 year . 	it be a implicit but but clearly , the head of state for 24 year . 	391
but they be necessary . 	but they be necessary . 	392
but US stock price fall only 5.2 % between May 9 and May 24 . 	however , the american court accuse a reduction of 5.2 % between 9 and on 24 May . 	393
the bottom line be that when interest rate rise , asset value will fall . 	the key be that when interest rate go up , the value of active fall . 	394
a defeat on Alstom would have profound consequence in Europe -- and not only for competition policy . 	lose on the issue of Alstom would have serious repercussion in Europe and not only for the policy on competition . 	395
Tocqueville believe that there be no effective long-term constraint on this tendency . 	Tocqueville think that on the long run , nothing can be really oppose to this tendency . 	396
will it give we the right to divorce the husband who abandon we ? 	a couple who have leave ? 	397
but US stock price fall only 5.2 % between May 9 and May 24 . 	however , the Americans have accuse that lower 5.2 % between 9 and on 24 May . 	398
he do , but the initiative do not get very far . 	what it do without the initiative not go very far . 	399
