Last year he was wanted for murder . 	Last year it was sought to murder . 	1
Pro-market economists do n't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products . 	Economists ' not against the companies openly using the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products . 	2
And , perhaps most importantly , Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence ; Bernanke is not . 	And , perhaps the most important , Ahmadinejad destabilising influence , not bernanke . 	3
A Europe for All 	All Europe 	4
Gays and other `` modern '' practices are rejected as self-indulgent . 	The gay and other practical `` Modern '' are rejected , laws . 	5
Only a month ago , Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as `` futile . '' 	Only a month before , muybarak refused the demands of constitutional reform by taxing them with `` futile . 	6
Only a month ago , Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as `` futile . '' 	Only one month before , Muybarak disrupted the demands of constitutional reform by taxing futile ' . 	7
Iraq 's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production . 	The future of Iraq is linked to oil production of the country . 	8
Today 's great Pax Europa and today 's pan-European prosperity depend on this . 	Large Pax Europa of today , just like current prosperity paneuropéenne , depends on it . 	9
This tendency extends deeper than headscarves . 	This trend goes well beyond simple headscarves . 	10
More than that , the divisions are reproduced at the local level . 	Beyond the geographical division , divisions recur locally . 	11
But if Europe 's performance continues to decline , would this perception survive ? 	But can this image survive a continuation of the decline ? 	12
But if Europe 's performance continues to decline , would this perception survive ? 	But this image can survive a further decline ? 	13
The People Versus Putin 	Putin against people 	14
The old version of the European response -- what psychologists might call `` dollar envy '' -- will only become more acute . 	The old version of the European response -LRB- what psychologists call `` the envy of the dollar ` only become more pervasive . 	15
But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance . 	But the returns which return the US markets of the transferable securities if attracting reflect a fragile political balance . 	16
Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on . 	Every leader had markedly different explanations and theories on the situation . 	17
The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally . 	The answer is in the support that the democratic activists indonésiens will be able to generate nationally and internationally . 	18
They are ignorant , poor , and sick . 	They are for the moment . 	19
Jobs , in particular , will help young people to create new lives through serious work . 	The jobs , in particular , help the young to invent new forms of employment . 	20
Iraq 's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production . 	The future of Iraq is related to the oil production of the country . 	21
In other areas , sharia law is being introduced by force . 	In other areas , the sharia is imposed . 	22
Each time , radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate . 	Each time , radical technological progress made it off these threats . 	23
A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific . 	A Chinese influential businessman who share his time between Hong Kong and London , was even more precise . 	24
The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally . 	The answer lies in the support that democratic activists Indonesians may generate drive and internationally . 	25
But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance . 	But the returns which make the markets do not so attractive to reflect a fragile political equilibrium . 	26
The questions are many . 	There are many questions . 	27
But US stock prices fell only 5.2 % between May 9 and May 24 . 	However , the Americans have only a fall of 5.2 % between 9 and on 24 may . 	28
Each time , radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate . 	Each time , radical technological progress made slip these threats . 	29
Jobs , in particular , will help young people to create new lives through serious work . 	Jobs , in particular , would help young people to forge new lives through serious jobs . 	30
None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help . 	This does not however emerging rich countries from their obligation to help . 	31
And , perhaps most importantly , Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence ; Bernanke is not . 	And , perhaps most important , Ahmadinejad exerts a destabilizing influence , not Bernanke . 	32
This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response . 	This leaves the opposition Conservative without any effective response . 	33
After all , they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider . 	After all , they have recommended the policies that politicians will take into account . 	34
This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin . 	And this mistake mistake is in the process of its political . 	35
He did , but the initiative did not get very far . 	What he has done without the initiative goes very far . 	36
The old version of the European response -- what psychologists might call `` dollar envy '' -- will only become more acute . 	The old version of the European reaction -LRB- what the psychologists call `` the desire of the dollar '' -RRB- will become only more penetrating . 	37
Last year he was wanted for murder . 	Last year it was required for murder . 	38
The Political Stock Market 	The politicization of securities markets 	39
Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on . 	Every originator had theories and explanations appreciably different on the situation . 	40
Jobs , in particular , will help young people to create new lives through serious work . 	The jobs , help young people to forge new lives through serious jobs . 	41
Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency . 	Tocqueville believed that in the long term , nothing can oppose really this trend . 	42
What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity . 	We are witnessing today to change a Muslim identity for an Islamic identity . 	43
A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe -- and not only for competition policy . 	On the question of losing Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not just for the policies on competition . 	44
Today 's great Pax Europa and today 's pan-European prosperity depend on this . 	The large Europa Pax today , just as the current pan-European prosperity , depends on it . 	45
Last year he was wanted for murder . 	Last year it was sought for murder . 	46
What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity . 	In the absence of a change of associations . 	47
But if Europe 's performance continues to decline , would this perception survive ? 	But this image can survive a further decline ? 	48
Today 's great Pax Europa and today 's pan-European prosperity depend on this . 	The great Pax Europa today , as the current pan-European prosperity , depends on it . 	49
This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response . 	That leaves the conservative opposition without effective response . 	50
A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe -- and not only for competition policy . 	Losing on the question of Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not just for policies on competition . 	51
But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance . 	But returns which make American securities markets if attractive reflect a fragile political balance . 	52
Only a month ago , Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as `` futile . '' 	Only a month before , muybarak applications of constitutional reform disrupted were `` futile . '' 	53
Indeed , intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government . 	It is undeniable that intolerance reached until the meetings the Turkish Government . 	54
None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help . 	This does not however absolve the rich countries of their obligation to help . 	55
Indeed , the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself . 	We can also note that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet has called one of these recent books democracy against itself . 	56
After all , they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider . 	After all , they have recommended the policies that the politicians or not consideration . 	57
That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written . 	This is the spirit in which must be drawn up the European Constitution . 	58
Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on . 	Each player had markedly different theories and explanations on the situation . 	59
The book 's success is itself a sign of a kind of `` malaise . '' 	The success of the book is in itself a sign of Israel '' . 	60
Putin , too , also seems to suspect his regime 's impotence . 	And , also , of his regime . 	61
But if Europe 's performance continues to decline , would this perception survive ? 	But can this image survive a pursuit of decline ? 	62
The Political Stock Market 	The politicization of securities market 	63
Western Europeans , who have been spared this legacy , should heed our warnings . 	The western Europeans , who have forgotten this history , should heed our warnings . 	64
None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help . 	That does not release however the rich countries of their obligation to help . 	65
They are ignorant , poor , and sick . 	They are culture , poor and sick . 	66
Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary . 	Those who do not know the intensive farming methods will be astonished perhaps the need for such legislation . 	67
Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant . 	Today there are two ways plausible proceeding against a tyrant deposed . 	68
Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam . 	However , a process of de-institutionalisation of the religious experience is also happening within Islam . 	69
Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure ; Bernanke is not . 	Ahmadinejad are embarking on an adventure , not Bernanke . 	70
Other ways are needed . 	It is necessary to find other means . 	71
Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves . 	At the forefront of these lessons we find that economic development is left largely in the hands of poor nations themselves . 	72
A Europe for All 	Europe for all 	73
This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response . 	This leaves the conservative opposition without any effective response . 	74
Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant . 	Today there are two plausible ways to proceed with regard to a relieved tyrant . 	75
Pro-market economists do n't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products . 	Economists pro-marché not contradictory businesses that use openly the attraction of luxury to promote their products . 	76
But America 's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy . 	But the interest of America for Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or the energy policy . 	77
A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific . 	A businessman Chinese influential , which shares his time between Hong Kong and London , was even more specific . 	78
Some results are remarkable . 	Some are noteworthy results . 	79
None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help . 	But that does not detract rich countries from their obligation to help . 	80
He did , but the initiative did not get very far . 	What he has done without the initiative goes very far . 	81
Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam . 	However , a process of de-institutionalisation religious experience is also happening within Islam . 	82
But from the American point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap . 	But the American point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap . 	83
Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing . 	To be Muslim and be Islamiste are two different things . 	84
Putin 's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years . 	Putin 's Russia has already lost 12 prominent journalists , murdered in the last six years . 	85
But US stock prices fell only 5.2 % between May 9 and May 24 . 	However , the American courses did not show that a fall of 5,2 % between the 9 and on May 24 . 	86
Indeed , the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself . 	We can also note the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled , one of these recent books against democracy itself . 	87
This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak , the sole ruler for 24 years . 	This is an implicit but clear repudiation of Mubarak , only Head of State for 24 years . 	88
Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves . 	At the forefront of these lessons , we learn that economic development is largely left in the hands of poor nations themselves . 	89
Some results are remarkable . 	Some are noteworthy results . 	90
Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us ? 	They would give the right to divorce the husbands who would have abandoned them ? 	91
But US stock prices fell only 5.2 % between May 9 and May 24 . 	Yet , the Americans have accused a lowering of 5.2 % between 9 and 24 May . 	92
A Europe for All 	A Europe for all 	93
Putin 's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years . 	The Russia of Putin has already lost 12 prominent journalists , murdered during the last six years . 	94
The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally . 	The answer lies in the support that the Indonesian democrats will generate activists domestically and internationally . 	95
But US stock prices fell only 5.2 % between May 9 and May 24 . 	But the US prices did not show that a decline in 5.2 % between 9 and 24 May . 	96
That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written . 	That is the spirit in which the European Constitution should be developed . 	97
But US stock prices fell only 5.2 % between May 9 and May 24 . 	Yet the US courts have indicted that a reduction of 5.2 % between 9 and 24 May . 	98
Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us ? 	Their donnerait-elle the right to divorce spouses who would have abandoned ? 	99
Other ways are needed . 	Other means should be found . 	100
Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam . 	However , a process of the United States and also within Islam . 	101
But America 's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy . 	But the interests of America for Iraqi oil is dictated by the economy or the energy policy . 	102
Other ways are needed . 	We must find other ways . 	103
The Political Stock Market 	The politicization of securities markets 	104
But America 's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy . 	But the interests of the Iraqi people is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy . 	105
This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin . 	And this gross mistake is conducting Russia policy to his downfall . 	106
And , perhaps most importantly , Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence ; Bernanke is not . 	And , perhaps most important , Ahmadinejad has destabilizing influence , not Bernanke 	107
Each time , radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate . 	Each time , radical technological progress off these threats . 	108
What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity . 	We are witnessing today to change a Muslim identity for an Islamic identity . 	109
The bottom line is that when interest rates rise , asset values will fall . 	The most important thing is that when interest rates go up , the values of the active fall . 	110
Each time , radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate . 	Each time , technological progress radicals have made these threats slip . 	111
That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written . 	It is in that spirit must be developed the European Constitution . 	112
But from the American point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap . 	But the US point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap . 	113
This tendency extends deeper than headscarves . 	This trend goes well beyond simple scarves . 	114
Other ways are needed . 	We must find other ways . 	115
Putin 's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years . 	Russia of Putin already lost 12 eminent journalists , assassinated during the six last years . 	116
The book 's success is itself a sign of a kind of `` malaise . '' 	The success of books is itself a sign of ` malaise ' . 	117
They are ignorant , poor , and sick . 	They are uncultivated , poor and sick . 	118
The president has fewer powers than it seems , overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . 	The president has less of capacities than it does not appear to with it , and it particuli rement is particuli rement eclipsed by the guide supr me the Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . 	119
Indeed , intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government . 	It is indisputable that reaches to the Turkish government . 	120
A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific . 	A business Chinese influence , which shares his time between Hong Kong and London , was more precise . 	121
The book 's success is itself a sign of a kind of `` malaise . '' 	The success of the book is in itself a sign of `` malaise . 	122
The Political Stock Market 	Politicization of the securities markets 	123
Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency . 	Tocqueville thought in the long run , nothing can be really opposed this trend . 	124
Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency . 	Tocqueville believed that in the long term , nothing can actually oppose this trend . 	125
Moreover , the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements . 	Who more is , the large oil exporters are not been willing to subject their policies of investment to the market rates . 	126
They are ignorant , poor , and sick . 	They are poor , sick and uncultivated . 	127
Pro-market economists do n't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products . 	The economists , does not include the companies which use the attraction of luxury to promote their products . 	128
The Political Stock Market 	The politicisation of the securities markets 	129
A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific . 	An influential Chinese business man , who shares his time between HongKong and London , was even more precise . 	130
Moreover , the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements . 	Moreover , the major exporters of oil are not prepared to submit their investment policies to market conditions . 	131
Western Europeans , who have been spared this legacy , should heed our warnings . 	The Western Europeans , who have forgotten this story , should take account of our warnings . 	132
What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity . 	Today we are to change a Muslim identity for Islamic identity . 	133
Only a month ago , Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as `` futile . '' 	Only one month before , Muybarak refused the demands of constitutional reform by taxing them with `` futile '' . 	134
It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies . 	He has appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to the policies of public spending and fiscal policies . 	135
Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary . 	Those who do not know the intensive methods surprised the necessity of such legislation . 	136
Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing . 	It is necessary to are two different things . 	137
It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies . 	It has appointed a working Group responsible for drawing the necessary changes to bring to public expenditure and fiscal policies . 	138
Some results are remarkable . 	Certain results are remarkable . 	139
But , like the Union itself , it will be built and it will be done . 	But as the European Union itself , and it will build it . 	140
Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us ? 	They give it the right to divorce the husband who have abandoned ? 	141
After all , they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider . 	After all , they recommended the policies which the politicians take or not into account . 	142
Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant . 	Today there are two ways of proceeding to the origins . 	143
In other areas , sharia law is being introduced by force . 	In other areas , the Sharia is imposed . 	144
But if Europe 's performance continues to decline , would this perception survive ? 	But this picture can survive in a European ? 	145
This tendency extends deeper than headscarves . 	This trend goes well beyond simple headscarves . 	146
But , like the Union itself , it will be built and it will be done . 	But as the European Union itself , build and happen . 	147
The president has fewer powers than it seems , overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . 	The President has fewer powers than it seems , and it is particuli failure to overshadowed by the Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . 	148
Jobs , in particular , will help young people to create new lives through serious work . 	The jobs , in particular , would help young people to forge new lives in jobs serious . 	149
Western Europeans , who have been spared this legacy , should heed our warnings . 	Western Europeans , who have forgotten this story , should heed our warnings . 	150
This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin . 	And this big mistake is leading Russia to its political ruin . 	151
Today 's great Pax Europa and today 's pan-European prosperity depend on this . 	The great Pax Europa today , as the current pan-European prosperity , depends . 	152
But , like the Union itself , it will be built and it will be done . 	But as the European Union itself , this will be built and this will happen . 	153
Western Europeans , who have been spared this legacy , should heed our warnings . 	The Western Europeans , who have forgotten this history , should take account of our warnings . 	154
Western Europeans , who have been spared this legacy , should heed our warnings . 	Western Europeans , who have forgotten this history , should take account of our warnings . 	155
That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written . 	That is the spirit in which must be worked out the European Constitution . 	156
Putin 's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years . 	Putin 's Russia already lost 12 prominent journalists , murdered during the past six years . 	157
The president has fewer powers than it seems , overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . 	The President has less powers than it seems , and it is particuli to rement overshadowed by the ayatollahs supr to guide me Ali Khamenei . 	158
After all , they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider . 	After all , they recommended policies that politicians or not take into account . 	159
The People Versus Putin 	The people against Putin 	160
Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency . 	Tocqueville believed that in the long term , nothing can oppose really to this trend . 	161
The questions are many . 	Many questions are . 	162
But they were necessary . 	But they are necessary . 	163
Moreover , the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements . 	Moreover , the major oil exporters are not willing to submit their investment policies to market conditions . 	164
But from the American point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap . 	But from the American point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap . 	165
Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves . 	In the foreground of these lessons , one discovers that economic development is left mainly in the hands of the poor nations themselves . 	166
And , perhaps most importantly , Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence ; Bernanke is not . 	And , perhaps the most important , Ahmadinejad affects destabilizing , Bernanke . 	167
The bottom line is that when interest rates rise , asset values will fall . 	The key is that when interest rates are falling , the values of the active . 	168
After all , they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider . 	After all , they have policies that take or no consideration . 	169
Gays and other `` modern '' practices are rejected as self-indulgent . 	The gay and other ` modern ' practices are rejected because nombrilistes . 	170
Western Europeans , who have been spared this legacy , should heed our warnings . 	Europeans of the West , who forgot this history , should take account of our warning statements . 	171
Indeed , intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government . 	It is undeniable that intolerance reached at summits of the Turkish Government . 	172
This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response . 	That leaves the conservative opposition without any effective answer . 	173
The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally . 	The answer lies in the support that the Indonesian democrats activists will generate national and internationally . 	174
Putin , too , also seems to suspect his regime 's impotence . 	Putin , too , seems suspect the powerlessness of his regime . 	175
Pro-market economists do n't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products . 	Economists pro-marché companies which do not stand openly using the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products . 	176
Each time , radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate . 	Every time , technological progress to fly these threats . 	177
Western Europeans , who have been spared this legacy , should heed our warnings . 	Western Europeans , who have forgotten this history , should heed our warnings . 	178
It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies . 	He then appointed a working group to formulate the necessary changes to the policy of public spending and the fiscal policies . 	179
Last year he was wanted for murder . 	Last year it was required for murder . 	180
Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on . 	Every originator had theories and explanations significantly different on the situation . 	181
Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant . 	Today there are two plausible ways to proceed as regards a burden tyrant . 	182
Today 's great Pax Europa and today 's pan-European prosperity depend on this . 	The large Europa of today , just as the prosperity , depends on it . 	183
Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam . 	However , a process of de-institutionalisation of religious experience is also happening within Islam . 	184
Each time , radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate . 	Each time , of radical technological progress leave these threats . 	185
Putin 's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years . 	Russia has already lost 12 distinguished journalists , murdered in the course of the past six years . 	186
The old version of the European response -- what psychologists might call `` dollar envy '' -- will only become more acute . 	The former version of the European reaction -LRB- what psychologists call `` the envy dollar -RRB- only become more pénétrante . 	187
The People Versus Putin 	People against Putin 	188
But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance . 	But the returns which make the American securities markets if attractive reflect a fragile political balance . 	189
Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant . 	Today there are two ways plausible to undertake a tyrant deposed . 	190
Only a month ago , Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as `` futile . '' 	Only a month before , , the demands of constitutional reform in the five '' . 	191
The president has fewer powers than it seems , overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . 	The President has fewer powers that it seems , and it is particuli rement overshadowed by the supr guides me Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . 	192
The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally . 	The answer lies in the support that democratic activists Indonesia can generate nationalement and internationally . 	193
Putin , too , also seems to suspect his regime 's impotence . 	Putin , too , seems suspect the powerlessness of his regime . 	194
Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on . 	Each player had the theories and explanations markedly different situation . 	195
This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin . 	And this gross error is conducting Russia to his downfall policy . 	196
It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies . 	Then appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to give the policies public spending and to fiscal policies . 	197
The People Versus Putin 	The people against Putin 	198
Pro-market economists do n't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products . 	Economists pro-marché are not opposed to companies which openly using the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products . 	199
Gays and other `` modern '' practices are rejected as self-indulgent . 	The gay and other practices modern ` are rejected , because navel-gazing . 	200
But they were necessary . 	But they were necessary . 	201
The Political Stock Market 	The politicization of securities markets 	202
The old version of the European response -- what psychologists might call `` dollar envy '' -- will only become more acute . 	The old version of the European reaction -LRB- what psychologists call `` the envy of the dollar ' -RRB- will only more pervasive . 	203
The president has fewer powers than it seems , overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . 	The President has powers than it appears , and it is particularly eclipsed by the Supreme Ali Khamenei . 	204
And , perhaps most importantly , Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence ; Bernanke is not . 	And , perhaps most importantly , Ahmadinejad has an influence , not destabilizing Bernanke . 	205
The bottom line is that when interest rates rise , asset values will fall . 	Essence , it is that when interest rates go up , the values of the credit fall . 	206
After all , they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider . 	After all , they recommend the policies that politicians will take into account . 	207
The questions are many . 	The questions are many . 	208
But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance . 	But the returns that make American securities markets so attractive reflect a fragile political balance . 	209
Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary . 	Those who do not know the methods of intensive farming , will perhaps the need for such legislation . 	210
Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing . 	To be Muslim and islamiste are two different things . 	211
Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary . 	Those who do not know the intensive farming methods astonished perhaps the need for such legislation . 	212
The questions are many . 	There are many questions . 	213
This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak , the sole ruler for 24 years . 	This is an implicit répudiation but clear of Mubarak , only Head of State for 24 years . 	214
A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe -- and not only for competition policy . 	Losing on the question of Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not just for policies on competition . 	215
The questions are many . 	The questions are numerous . 	216
Gays and other `` modern '' practices are rejected as self-indulgent . 	Gays and other practices `` modern ' are rejected because among selfcentred . 	217
More than that , the divisions are reproduced at the local level . 	Beyond the geographical division , the divisions occur locally . 	218
Putin 's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years . 	Putin 's Russia has already lost 12 distinguished journalists murdered during the past six years . 	219
Gays and other `` modern '' practices are rejected as self-indulgent . 	The catch and other practices , because . 	220
Jobs , in particular , will help young people to create new lives through serious work . 	The jobs , in particular , would help young people to create new lives in serious jobs . 	221
Last year he was wanted for murder . 	Last year it was sought for murder . 	222
Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency . 	Thought that in the long term , nothing can actually to this trend . 	223
Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves . 	In the forefront of these lessons , we discover that economic development is left largely in the hands of poor nations themselves . 	224
But , like the Union itself , it will be built and it will be done . 	But just as the European Union itself , and that it will be done . 	225
This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin . 	And this serious error is taking to Russia to its ruin policy . 	226
But America 's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy . 	But America 's interest for Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy . 	227
Some results are remarkable . 	Some results are remarkable . 	228
A Europe for All 	A Europe for all 	229
Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary . 	Perhaps those who do not know the methods of intensive farming will our by the need for such legislation . 	230
This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak , the sole ruler for 24 years . 	This is an implicit but clear repudiation of Mubarak , only Head of State for 24 years . 	231
After all , they recommend the policies that politicians may or may not want to consider . 	After all , they have recommended policies that politicians or taking into consideration . 	232
He did , but the initiative did not get very far . 	He has done , that the initiative not go very far . 	233
Some results are remarkable . 	Some results . 	234
But from the American point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap . 	But from the American view , the international role of the dollar was a trap . 	235
But from the American point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap . 	But from the point of view of the international role was a trap . 	236
Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing . 	To be Muslim and Islamiste are two different things . 	237
Only a month ago , Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as `` futile . '' 	Only a month ago , disrupted Muybarak applications of constitutional reform were a ` futile ' . 	238
Moreover , the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements . 	Moreover , the major oil exporters are not prepared to subject their policies of investment to market rates . 	239
The book 's success is itself a sign of a kind of `` malaise . '' 	The success of the book is in itself a sign of ` malaise . 	240
The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally . 	The answer lies in the support that the Indonesian democrats activists will generate domestically and internationally . 	241
But , like the Union itself , it will be built and it will be done . 	But just like the European Union itself , that will be built and that will be done . 	242
Putin 's Russia has already lost 12 leading journalists to murder in the past six years . 	Putin 's Russia has already lost 12 prominent journalists , murdered during the past six years . 	243
A Europe for All 	A Europe for all 	244
Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us ? 	Their donnerait-elle divorce law spouses who have abandoned them ? 	245
Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam . 	However , a process of désinstitutionalisation experience of religious also happens within Islam . 	246
Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant . 	Today there are two plausible ways to a tyrant deposed . 	247
He did , but the initiative did not get very far . 	What he has done without the initiative goes too far . 	248
None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help . 	This does not release but rich countries of their obligation to help . 	249
None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help . 	This does not , however , rich countries emerging from their obligation to help . 	250
Today there are two plausible ways to proceed against a deposed tyrant . 	Today there are two ways to proceed plausible towards a tyrant deposed . 	251
But they were necessary . 	But they were necessary . 	252
Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure ; Bernanke is not . 	Ahmadinejad has embarque in an adventure , not Bernanke . 	253
But , like the Union itself , it will be built and it will be done . 	But just as the European Union itself , and this will happen . 	254
Putin , too , also seems to suspect his regime 's impotence . 	Putin , also , seems to him to suspect the impotence of its mode . 	255
Indeed , intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government . 	It is undeniable that intolerance reached to the heights of Turkish Government . 	256
Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary . 	Perhaps those which do not know the methods of intensive breeding will astonish by the need for such a legislation . 	257
A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific . 	An influential Chinese businessman , who shares his time between Hong Kong and London , was even more specific . 	258
In other areas , sharia law is being introduced by force . 	In other areas , Sharia law is imposed . 	259
He did , but the initiative did not get very far . 	What it has done without initiative go very far . 	260
This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response . 	That leaves the opposition and without any effective response . 	261
But if Europe 's performance continues to decline , would this perception survive ? 	But this image further decline can survive ? 	262
But America 's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy . 	But the interests of America for Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy . 	263
Some results are remarkable . 	Some results . 	264
Gays and other `` modern '' practices are rejected as self-indulgent . 	The gays and others practical `` modern '' are rejected , because nombrilists . 	265
The old version of the European response -- what psychologists might call `` dollar envy '' -- will only become more acute . 	The old version of the European reaction -LRB- what psychologists call '' 's desire dollar '' -RRB- will become more pervasive . 	266
Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure ; Bernanke is not . 	Ahmadinejad is embarking upon an adventure , Bernanke . 	267
Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves . 	At the forefront of these lessons , one discovers that economic development is largely in the hands of poor Nations themselves . 	268
A Europe for All 	A Europe for all 	269
Gays and other `` modern '' practices are rejected as self-indulgent . 	The gay and other practices `` Modern '' are rejected , because nombrilistes . 	270
Iraq 's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production . 	The future of Iraq is linked to the country . 	271
The People Versus Putin 	The people against Putin 	272
What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity . 	We attend today the change of a Moslem identity for an islamist identity . 	273
Jobs , in particular , will help young people to create new lives through serious work . 	Employment , in particular , would help young people to forge new lives through serious employment . 	274
That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written . 	That is the spirit in which must be drawn up the Constitution . 	275
Moreover , the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements . 	Moreover , the major oil exporters are not prepared to submit their investment policies under market conditions . 	276
Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure ; Bernanke is not . 	Ahmadinejad board in an adventure , not Bernanke 	277
Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves . 	The first of these lessons , we discovered that economic development is largely left in the hands of poor nations themselves . 	278
In other areas , sharia law is being introduced by force . 	In other areas , the charia is imposed . 	279
Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing . 	Etre Muslim and be Islamic are two different things . 	280
He did , but the initiative did not get very far . 	What happened the initiative does not go very far . 	281
They are ignorant , poor , and sick . 	They are poor , sick and uncultivated . 	282
It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies . 	It then named an work group charged to formulate the changes necessary to bring to the policies public expenditure and to the fiscal policies . 	283
The bottom line is that when interest rates rise , asset values will fall . 	The bottom line is that when interest rates go up , the values of credit fall . 	284
But , like the Union itself , it will be built and it will be done . 	But like the EU itself , this will be built and this will happen . 	285
The old version of the European response -- what psychologists might call `` dollar envy '' -- will only become more acute . 	The former version of the European reaction -LRB- what psychologists call ` envy the dollar ' -RRB- will only most perceptively . 	286
The questions are many . 	There are many questions . 	287
Putin , too , also seems to suspect his regime 's impotence . 	Putin , too , seems accuse the powerlessness of his regime . 	288
This tendency extends deeper than headscarves . 	This trend goes well beyond simple scarves . 	289
Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us ? 	Their would give the right to divorce the husbands who would have given up them ? 	290
It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies . 	It was then appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to policies of public spending and tax policies . 	291
They are ignorant , poor , and sick . 	They are uncultivated , poor and sick . 	292
It then appointed a task force to formulate the necessary changes in tax and spending policies . 	Then he appointed a working party to make the necessary changes to the policies of public spending and fiscal policies . 	293
But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance . 	But the returns which make markets American Securities so attractive reflect a fragile political balance . 	294
The People Versus Putin 	The people against Putin 	295
Indeed , the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself . 	They may also note that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet called one of these recent its democracy against itself . 	296
This tendency extends deeper than headscarves . 	This tendency goes well beyond the simple scarves . 	297
But America 's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy . 	But America 's interest for Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy . 	298
Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure ; Bernanke is not . 	Ahmadinejad boards in an adventure , then . 	299
But America 's interest in Iraqi oil was not driven either by economics or energy policy . 	But America 's interest to Iraqi oil is not dictated by the economy or by energy policy . 	300
The answer lies in the support that Indonesian pro-democracy activists can generate domestically and internationally . 	The answer lies in the support that all will be able to generate nationally and internationally . 	301
More than that , the divisions are reproduced at the local level . 	Beyond the geographical division , the divisions occur at local level . 	302
The bottom line is that when interest rates rise , asset values will fall . 	The important thing is that when interest rates amount , the values of the active fall . 	303
Today 's great Pax Europa and today 's pan-European prosperity depend on this . 	Big Pax Europe of today , like current prosperity pan-European , depends on it . 	304
But if Europe 's performance continues to decline , would this perception survive ? 	But this picture can survive a continuing decline ? 	305
In other areas , sharia law is being introduced by force . 	In other regions , the sharia is imposed . 	306
The president has fewer powers than it seems , overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . 	President has fewer powers than it appears to be , and it is this particuli rement overshadowed by the guide supr to me Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . 	307
Other ways are needed . 	We must find other ways . 	308
A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific . 	A man of influential , which shares his time between Hong Kong and London , has even been more precise . 	309
They are ignorant , poor , and sick . 	They are poor , sick and uncultivated . 	310
A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe -- and not only for competition policy . 	Waste on the question of the Alstom Group would have serious repercussions in Europe and not only for the policies on competition . 	311
Indeed , the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself . 	We can also see that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled one recent books democracy against itself . 	312
Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on . 	Each protagonist had appreciably different theories and explanations on the situation . 	313
The book 's success is itself a sign of a kind of `` malaise . '' 	The success of the book is in itself a sign of ` malaise . '' 	314
More than that , the divisions are reproduced at the local level . 	Beyond geographical division , divisions reproduce at the local level . 	315
And , perhaps most importantly , Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence ; Bernanke is not . 	And , perhaps most importantly , Ahmadinejad influence destabilizing , not Bernanke . 	316
Other ways are needed . 	Other means should be found . 	317
This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response . 	This leaves opposition Conservative without effective response . 	318
Moreover , the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements . 	What is more , the large oil exporters are not prepared to submit their investment policies to market conditions . 	319
Only a month ago , Mubarak dismissed demands for constitutional reform as `` futile . '' 	Only a month ago , muybarak écartait for constitutional reform in the taxing of `` futile . 	320
The book 's success is itself a sign of a kind of `` malaise . '' 	The success of the book constitutes in itself a sign of `` faintness '' . 	321
Other ways are needed . 	We must find other ways . 	322
Jobs , in particular , will help young people to create new lives through serious work . 	Employment , in particular , would help the young people to forge new lives thanks to serious employment . 	323
Putin , too , also seems to suspect his regime 's impotence . 	Putin , too , seems suspicion powerlessness of his regime . 	324
This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin . 	And this great mistake is Russia to ruin its policy . 	325
Each time , radical improvements in technology made the threat evaporate . 	Each time , of radicals technological advancements made fly away these threats . 	326
But they were necessary . 	But they were necessary . 	327
A Europe for All 	A Europe for all 	328
But they were necessary . 	But they were needed . 	329
This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak , the sole ruler for 24 years . 	It has been an implicit but clear repudiation of Mubarak , only Head of State for 24 years . 	330
Each side had quite different theories and explanations of what was going on . 	Every leader had theories and markedly different explanations regarding the situation . 	331
What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity . 	We are now witnessing the change of Muslim identity for an Islamic identity . 	332
More than that , the divisions are reproduced at the local level . 	Beyond the geographical division , the divisions recur at local level . 	333
A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe -- and not only for competition policy . 	Losing of Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not just for policies on competition . 	334
This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak , the sole ruler for 24 years . 	This is an implicit but clear répudiation of Mubarak , only Head of State for 24 years . 	335
The book 's success is itself a sign of a kind of `` malaise . '' 	The success of the paper is itself a sign of malaise '' . 	336
A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe -- and not only for competition policy . 	To lose on the question of Alstom would have serious effects in Europe and not only for the policies on competition . 	337
Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam . 	However , a process of desinstitutionalisation of the religious experiment also occurs within Islam . 	338
Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure ; Bernanke is not . 	Ahmadinejad embarks in an adventure , not Bernanke . 	339
That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written . 	Such is the spirit in which must be elaborate the European Constitution . 	340
But from the American point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap . 	But the view us the international role of the dollar was a trap . 	341
Last year he was wanted for murder . 	Last year it was sought for murder . 	342
Last year he was wanted for murder . 	Last year it was sought for murder . 	343
And , perhaps most importantly , Ahmadinejad is a destabilizing influence ; Bernanke is not . 	And , perhaps the most important , the destabilising influence , not then . 	344
Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing . 	To be Moslem and be Islamiste are two different things . 	345
The bottom line is that when interest rates rise , asset values will fall . 	The most important thing , however , is that when the rate of interest , the values . 	346
More than that , the divisions are reproduced at the local level . 	Beyond geographical division , divisions reproduce at the local level . 	347
Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us ? 	Their donnerait-elle divorce law spouses who would have abandoned ? 	348
Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency . 	Tocqueville believed that in the long term , nothing can really object to this trend . 	349
But they were necessary . 	But they were necessary . 	350
Iraq 's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production . 	The future of Iraq is linked to the oil production in the country . 	351
This has left the Conservative opposition without an effective response . 	This leaves the conservative opposition without any effective response . 	352
Iraq 's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production . 	Iraq 's future is linked to oil production of the country . 	353
But the returns that make US stock markets so attractive reflect a delicate political balance . 	But the returns that make us markets of securities if attractive reflect a fragile political balance . 	354
Yet a process of de-institutionalization of religious experience is also taking place within Islam . 	However , a process of deinstitutionalisation of religious experience also happens within Islam . 	355
Putin , too , also seems to suspect his regime 's impotence . 	Putin , too , seems to suspect the powerlessness of his regime . 	356
None of this absolves rich countries of their responsibility to help . 	That does not , however , the rich countries of their obligation to help . 	357
Today 's great Pax Europa and today 's pan-European prosperity depend on this . 	The great Pax Europe of today , as prosperity pan-European today , depends on it . 	358
Indeed , intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government . 	It is undeniable that intolerance reached until the tops of the Turkish government . 	359
Moreover , the main oil exporters are unwilling to subordinate their investment policies to market requirements . 	What is more , the situation of oil are not prepared to submit their policies of investment to market conditions . 	360
This gross error is leading Russia to political ruin . 	And this important mistaken is leading Russia to its political ruin . 	361
Pro-market economists do n't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products . 	Economists pro market does not oppose companies which use openly the attractiveness of luxury to promote their products . 	362
The president has fewer powers than it seems , overshadowed particularly by Supreme Guide Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . 	The President has fewer powers than it they may seem , special to reviving is special to reviving overshadowed by guide supreme to me the Ayatollah Ali Khamenei . 	363
The questions are many . 	There are many questions . 	364
A prominent Chinese businessman who divides his time between Hong-Kong and London was even more specific . 	A businessman Chinese influential , who share his time between Hong Kong and London , was even more precise . 	365
Foremost among these is that economic development is largely in the hands of poor nations themselves . 	On top of these lessons , we discover that economic development is left largely in the hands of poor nations themselves . 	366
The People Versus Putin 	The people against Putin 	367
That is the spirit in which the European Constitution must be written . 	That is the spirit in which must be developed the European Constitution . 	368
Some results are remarkable . 	Some results are remarkable . 	369
This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak , the sole ruler for 24 years . 	It has been an implicit but clear repudiation of Mubarak , only Head of State for 24 years . 	370
But from the American point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap . 	But the US point of view , the international role of the dollar was a trap . 	371
The old version of the European response -- what psychologists might call `` dollar envy '' -- will only become more acute . 	The former version of the European reaction -LRB- the desire called `` the desire of the '' -RRB- '' . 	372
Pro-market economists do n't object to corporations that blatantly use snob appeal to promote their products . 	The economists pro-market do not oppose the companies which openly use the attraction of the luxury to promote their products . 	373
Ahmadinejad is embarking on an adventure ; Bernanke is not . 	Ahmadinejad are embarking on an adventure , not bernanke . 	374
More than that , the divisions are reproduced at the local level . 	Beyond the geographical division , at local level . 	375
Indeed , intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government . 	It is undeniable that intolerance reached summits of the Turkish Government . 	376
The Political Stock Market 	The politization of the markets of the transferable securities 	377
Iraq 's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production . 	The future of Iraq is linked to oil production . 	378
This tendency extends deeper than headscarves . 	This trend goes well beyond simple scarves . 	379
Indeed , intolerance goes right to the top of the Turkish government . 	It is undeniable that intolerance reached until the heights of the Turkish Government . 	380
Indeed , the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself . 	We can also note that the French philosopher , Marcel Gauchet has called one of these recent books Democracy against itself . 	381
Being a Muslim and being an Islamist are not the same thing . 	To be Muslim and Islamic are two different things . 	382
In other areas , sharia law is being introduced by force . 	In other regions , the sharia is imposed . 	383
Indeed , the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself . 	One can also note that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled one of these recent books the democracy against itself . 	384
Iraq 's future depends directly on the fate of Iraqi oil production . 	The future of Iraq is linked to the oil production . 	385
In other areas , sharia law is being introduced by force . 	In other regions , the Sharia is imposed . 	386
What we are witnessing today is a shift from a Muslim identity to an Islamist identity . 	We are witnessing today to change a Muslim identity for an Islamic identity . 	387
Those who know little about modern factory farming may wonder why such legislation would be necessary . 	Those who do not know the intensive farming methods will be astonished perhaps the need for such legislation . 	388
Indeed , the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled a recent book Democracy Against Itself . 	We can also note that the French philosopher Marcel Gauchet entitled the recent books against democracy itself . 	389
This tendency extends deeper than headscarves . 	This tendency goes well beyond simple . 	390
This is a clear if implicit repudiation of Mubarak , the sole ruler for 24 years . 	It is an implicit but but clearly , the head of State for 24 years . 	391
But they were necessary . 	But they were necessary . 	392
But US stock prices fell only 5.2 % between May 9 and May 24 . 	However , the American courts accused a reduction of 5.2 % between 9 and on 24 May . 	393
The bottom line is that when interest rates rise , asset values will fall . 	The key is that when interest rates go up , the values of active fall . 	394
A defeat on Alstom would have profound consequences in Europe -- and not only for competition policy . 	Losing on the issue of Alstom would have serious repercussions in Europe and not only for the policies on competition . 	395
Tocqueville believed that there are no effective long-term constraints on this tendency . 	Tocqueville thought that on the long run , nothing can be really opposed to this tendency . 	396
Will it give us the right to divorce the husbands who abandon us ? 	A couple who have left ? 	397
But US stock prices fell only 5.2 % between May 9 and May 24 . 	However , the Americans have accused that lower 5.2 % between 9 and on 24 May . 	398
He did , but the initiative did not get very far . 	What it did without the initiative not going very far . 	399
