the activity of learn or be train 	the gradual process of acquire knowledge . 	1
thin metal strip use in typesetting 	thin strip of metal use to separate line of type in printing . 	2
falcon : abandon intended game and pursue lesser prey 	abandon the intended prey , turn , and pursue a inferior prey . 	3
the act of designate a role to someone 	the act of designate or identify something . 	4
make pure or free from sin 	make pure or free from sin or guilt . 	5
leave undo or leave out 	fail to do something ; leave something undo . 	6
a social set or clique of friend 	a unofficial association of people or group . 	7
the upper part of a column . 	the upper part of a column that support the entablature . 	8
sink to a lower level ; descend 	sink to a lower level or form a depression . 	9
create code or computer program 	create code , write a computer program . 	10
release from confinement , obligation , or a burden 	grant relief or a exemption from a rule or requirement to . 	11
-lrb- cause to -rrb- sully the good name and reputation of . 	charge falsely or with malicious intent ; attack the good name and reputation of someone . 	12
a company that provide public service commodity 	a company that perform a public service ; subject to government regulation . 	13
physically extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center ; physically spread from a start point . 	extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center . 	14
distribute systematically or strategically ; initiate . 	to distribute systematically or strategically . 	15
create something in the mind 	form a mental image of something that be not present or that be not the case . 	16
-lrb- cause to -rrb- become less clear or indistinct 	to make less distinct or clear . 	17
exempt or free from a burden , duty , or requirement 	free from a burden , evil , or distress . 	18
a straight length of road or racetrack 	a straightaway section of a racetrack . 	19
-lrb- cause to -rrb- emit a brief burst of light 	emit a brief burst of light . 	20
stretch to the utmost , cause stress or injury 	alter the shape of -lrb- something -rrb- by stress . 	21
move in a group or flock 	move as a crowd or in a group . 	22
a temporary debarment , revoke of a privilege 	a temporary debarment -lrb- from a privilege or position etc -rrb- . 	23
a imperfection ; the quality of be inadequate or fall short . 	the quality of be inadequate or fall short of perfection . 	24
clear mucus from one 's throat 	clear mucus or food from one 's throat . 	25
preserve , keep in safety , use frugally 	keep in safety and protect from harm , decay , loss , or destruction . 	26
a address use for postal communication 	the address where a person or organization can be communicate with . 	27
a organization that sponsor a large public event 	any organization that provide resource and facility for a function or event . 	28
legally approve or ratify a person for a position 	support a person for a position . 	29
try to cure by special care or treatment , of a illness or injury ; treat carefully . 	try to cure by special care of treatment , of a illness or injury . 	30
anything with the form of a thin strip 	a long thin implement resemble a length of wood . 	31
the control component of a grammatical constituent 	-lrb- grammar -rrb- the word in a grammatical constituent that play the same grammatical role as the whole constituent . 	32
reach a destination or goal 	reach a destination ; arrive by movement or progress . 	33
Shrivel , wither , or mature imperfectly , as of a flower . 	shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly . 	34
part , cease , or break association with -lrb- something -rrb- . 	part ; cease or break association with . 	35
a cue give to someone for assistance 	a cue give to a performer -lrb- usually the beginning of the next line to be speak -rrb- . 	36
make more common , uniform or general 	draw from specific case for more general case . 	37
-lrb- cause to -rrb- burst or open , usually with a sharp sound 	burst open with a sharp , explosive sound . 	38
Make -lrb- undue -rrb- claim of owning . 	make undue claim to have . 	39
the political head of city government 	the head of a city government . 	40
to cause to become quiet 	become quiet or still ; fall silent . 	41
more forward in a leap or skip manner . 	move forward by leap and bound . 	42
give up right or possession to another 	give up or agree to forgo to the power or possession of another . 	43
come as a logical consequence , be infer 	come as a logical consequence ; follow logically . 	44
the event of gradually vanish from view 	the event of fading and gradually vanish from sight . 	45
feel anxious , concerned , uneasy , or apprehensive about 	be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event . 	46
travel in or be shape like a zigzag 	travel along a zigzag path . 	47
create a mess or disorder 	make a mess of or create disorder in . 	48
the state of be employ 	the state of be employ or have a job . 	49
a sculpture of a human or animal 	a sculpture represent a human or animal . 	50
-lrb- abstract -rrb- characterize , commemorate , make special -lrb- or respectful -rrb- 	be a distinctive feature , attribute , or trait ; sometimes in a very positive sense . 	51
operate or travel via a vehicle 	travel or be transport in a vehicle . 	52
-lrb- cause to -rrb- fall or subside to a lower place , level , or value 	fall or descend to a lower place or level . 	53
the ability to recall thing 	the ability to recall past occurrence . 	54
a animate agent utter with a spit sound , as if in a rage . 	utter with a spit sound , as if in a rage . 	55
the noise of something rap against a surface 	the sound of knock -lrb- as on a door or in a engine or bearing -rrb- . 	56
ask for and get something for free . 	ask for and get free ; be a parasite . 	57
a general condition of soundness of a system or machine 	the general condition of body and mind . 	58
a area enclose by wall or building 	a area wholly or partly surround by wall or building . 	59
raise the stake or bet of a game by a factor of 2 	raise the stake in a card game by a factor of 2 . 	60
the act of surrender a asset 	the act of lose or surrender something as a penalty for a mistake or fault or failure to perform etc. . . 	61
protect or speak up against criticism or opposition 	protect or fight for as a champion . 	62
a relation of affinity or harmony between people . 	a relation of affinity or harmony between people ; whatever affect one correspondingly affect the other . 	63
save from a experience , action or harm 	save or relieve from a experience or action . 	64
go around the rim of 	run around the rim of . 	65
take in -lrb- mentally or physically -rrb- 	take -lrb- gas , light or heat -rrb- into a solution . 	66
separate -lrb- as if -rrb- by pass through a sieve 	separate by pass through a sieve or other strain device to separate out coarser element . 	67
a cultivate plant that be now grow wild 	a plant originally cultivate but now grow wild . 	68
speed up the process of 	speed up the progress of ; facilitate . 	69
provide evidence for ; show by one 's behavior , attitude , or external attribute ; embody . 	provide evidence for ; stand as proof of ; show by one 's behavior , attitude , or external attribute . 	70
a computer program that perform system support 	-lrb- computer science -rrb- a program design for general support of the process of a computer . 	71
the length of time of a temporary cessation 	a time interval during which there be a temporary cessation of something . 	72
rhythmical thrust of the leg in a swim stroke 	a rhythmic thrust movement of the leg as in swimming or calisthenics . 	73
make more temperate , acceptable , or suitable . 	make more temperate , acceptable , or suitable by add something else ; moderate . 	74
confine in or as if in a prison 	confine as if in a prison . 	75
make amorous or sexual advance toward 	approach with a offer of sexual favor . 	76
put down by force , intimidation , or authority , as of a person ; correct by punishment or discipline . 	correct by punishment or discipline . 	77
break up a solid , usually into a solution 	cause to go into a solution . 	78
a movement -lrb- physical or abstract -rrb- back from a impact . 	a movement back from a impact . 	79
the act of put something to use . 	the action of put something into operation . 	80
-lrb- cause to -rrb- relax , be at ease , assume a friendly manner 	disentangle and raise the fiber of . 	81
a physical framework of cross strip , often wooden 	framework consist of a ornamental design make of strip of wood or metal . 	82
a itemize statement of money owe 	a itemize statement of money owe for goods ship or service render . 	83
positively-charged center part of a atom 	the positively charge dense center of a atom . 	84
a event that cause someone or something to die . 	a event that cause someone to die . 	85
indicate a decision or prediction 	declare in the capacity of a umpire or referee . 	86
state of be active , bustling about 	the trait of be active ; move or act rapidly and energetically . 	87
cause to become awake or alert 	cause to be alert and energetic . 	88
look through a book or some other write material -lrb- for information -rrb- . 	look through a book or other write material . 	89
the conclusion of a communication 	the last section of a communication . 	90
meet or encounter on social or professional capacity 	go to see for professional or business reason . 	91
assemble group of spectator at a performance 	a gathering of spectator or listener at a -lrb- usually public -rrb- performance . 	92
give interlinear explanation or citation for text 	provide a interlinear translation of a word or phrase . 	93
leave to someone after one 's death . 	leave or give by will after one 's death . 	94
cause to vibrate in a different pattern 	cause to vibrate in a definite pattern . 	95
compel , enforce , or insist on something 	compel to behave in a certain way . 	96
draw a cross in the air over something 	travel across or pass over . 	97
give away something that be not need 	give up what be not strictly need . 	98
-lrb- cause to -rrb- become less interesting , attractive or vigorous . 	become less interesting or attractive . 	99
have a disagreement or quarrel over something 	have a disagreement over something . 	100
endure or experience a painful event 	undergo -lrb- as of injury and illness -rrb- . 	101
the manner in which something or someon function or operate 	process or manner of function or operate . 	102
the event of come to a stop , end something 	the event of something end . 	103
return to a prior state 	return to a original state . 	104
the United States , especially the North during the civil war 	the United States -lrb- especially the northern state during the American Civil War -rrb- . 	105
-lrb- cause to -rrb- become overloaded or overcharge 	place too much a load on . 	106
the act of substitute one thing for another 	the act of furnish a equivalent person or thing in the place of another . 	107
imagine ; form a mental picture of something 	form a mental picture of something that be invisible or abstract . 	108
indicate a decision or prediction 	indicate a decision in regard to . 	109
carry a burden , real or metaphorical 	carry a burden , either real or metaphoric . 	110
a official task or undertaking , usually fund 	any piece of work that be undertake or attempt . 	111
the complete haploid sequence of dna of a organism 	the order of gene in a haploid set of chromosome of a particular organism ; the full dna sequence of a organism . 	112
stamp or emboss with a block 	stamp or emboss a title or design on a book with a block . 	113
-lrb- medicine -rrb- the capacity of a organism to defend against disease . 	-lrb- medicine -rrb- the condition in which a organism can resist disease . 	114
a flock of sheep or goat 	a group of sheep or goat . 	115
a unit of atmospheric pressure 	-lrb- meteorology -rrb- a unit of pressure equal to a million dyne per square centimeter . 	116
a win shot in tennis against opponent 's serve 	-lrb- tennis -rrb- a score consist of win a game when you opponent be serve . 	117
a messenger deploy on a mission on behalf of someone else 	someone send on a mission to represent the interest of someone else . 	118
the act of take a offer 	the act of take something that be offer . 	119
hit or return before it touch the ground 	hit before it touch the ground . 	120
a thrust weapon , as a sword 	a cutting or thrust weapon that have a long metal blade and a hilt with a hand guard . 	121
mix or breed thing of different variety or quality 	breed animal or plant use parent of different race and variety . 	122
walk heavily and firmly -lrb- like a cat -rrb- as when weary or over soft terrain . 	walk heavily and firmly , as when weary , or through mud . 	123
pay unsolicited sexual attention to 	pay unsolicited and usually unwanted sexual attention to . 	124
Release -lrb- gas or energy -rrb- as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition -lrb- perhaps in a metaphorical sense -rrb- 	release -lrb- gas or energy -rrb- as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition . 	125
reshow a play or broadcast 	rerun a performance of a play , for example . 	126
a figurative position in relation to other position , as in argument 	a position give by its location to the side of a object . 	127
state of be under control 	the state of be control or govern . 	128
a vehicle race on public road 	a automobile race run over public road . 	129
amount that can be contain 	the amount that can be contain . 	130
take legal action to seek compensation for a wrong 	institute legal proceedings against ; file a suit against . 	131
move into and stay in a particular position 	put into a certain place or abstract location . 	132
open shot in billiards or pool 	the opening shot that scatter the ball in billiards or pool . 	133
a instrument of torture apply to foot and leg 	a instrument of torture that be use to heat or crush the foot and leg . 	134
-lrb- cause to -rrb- separate or move in different direction 	to cause to separate and go in different direction . 	135
a established or recognize right , formal or informal . 	a informal right to something . 	136
fetch something from a source 	act of get or drain something such as electricity or a liquid from a source . 	137
communicate or make know by gesture , action , or sign 	communicate silently and non-verbally by signal or sign . 	138
strike the upper part of a ball give it forward spin 	strike -lrb- the top part of a ball in golf , baseball , or pool -rrb- give it a forward spin . 	139
the act of spending , disburse fund 	the act of spending or disburse money . 	140
record track of music make on some medium 	a trench resemble a furrow that be make by erosion or excavation . 	141
a inherent aptitude or talent 	a aptitude that may be develop . 	142
make liberal or more liberal , become more liberal , usually in term of law or rule . 	make liberal or more liberal , of law and rule . 	143
free from obligation , service or confinement 	free from obligation or duty . 	144
twist a body part suddenly so as to sprain 	twist suddenly so as to sprain . 	145
a cause or source of duress , worry 	difficulty that cause worry or emotional tension . 	146
a state of a authority managing or dominate a circumstance 	the activity of managing or exert control over something . 	147
move -lrb- as if -rrb- by lower 	come as if by fall . 	148
process , or refine in a reverberate furnace 	treat , process , heat , melt , or refine in a reverberatory furnace . 	149
economic term : raise economic demand , expand the money supply , or raise price to experience reflation 	economics : raise demand , expand the money supply , or raise price , after a period of deflation . 	150
clean , cleanse , or able to be clean 	cleanse with a cleaning agent , such as soap , and water . 	151
summon into action or bring into existence , often as if by magic ; ask for the aid or protection of . 	request earnestly -lrb- something from somebody -rrb- ; ask for aid or protection . 	152
the act of throw a baseball 	-lrb- baseball -rrb- the act of throw a baseball by a pitcher to a batter . 	153
break the skin -lrb- of a body part -rrb- by scrape ; impact something else . 	break the skin -lrb- of a body part -rrb- by scrape . 	154
allocate or dedicate ; set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use . 	set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use . 	155
-lrb- attempt to -rrb- convince to enroll , join or participate 	register formally as a participant or member . 	156
give a specific interpretation to 	twist and turn so as to give a intended interpretation . 	157
organize anew , as after a setback ; collect or compose oneself . 	organize anew , as after a setback . 	158
to catch in or as if in a trap ; immobilize 	catch in or as if in a trap . 	159
a exclusive , privileged group of people 	a exclusive group of people . 	160
come into conflict , meet in opposition 	be incompatible ; be or come into conflict . 	161
react , or respond to a call , command , or stimulus 	react to a stimulus or command . 	162
provide with a soundtrack or voiceover 	provide -lrb- movie -rrb- with a soundtrack of a foreign language . 	163
a lever that activate a firing mechanism , especially with a firearm 	lever that activate the firing mechanism of a gun . 	164
Advance ; contribute to the progress or growth of . 	contribute to the progress or growth of . 	165
cause someone 's attention , goal , think to turn in another direction 	occupy in a agreeable , entertaining or pleasant fashion . 	166
the human act of make something new . 	the event that occur at the beginning of something . 	167
move or gather in a hive 	move together in a hive or as if in a hive . 	168
rinse one 's mouth with mouthwash , gargle 	rinse one 's mouth and throat with mouthwash . 	169
provide or equip specifically with furniture . 	provide or equip with furniture . 	170
make or create something for a specific function . 	make out of component -lrb- often in a improvise manner -rrb- . 	171
lowest employee salary permit by law 	the lowest wage that a employer be allow to pay ; determine by contract or by law . 	172
watery rot on produce cause by fungus 	soft watery rot in fruit and vegetable cause by fungus . 	173
room where work or repair be do 	room where work be do . 	174
sever or remove by pinch or snip ; tend by cut . 	sever or remove by pinch or snip . 	175
compress out of shape or into small piece 	become injure , break , or distort by pressure . 	176
a single tall stone , e.g. , obelisk or monument 	a single great stone -lrb- often in the form of a column or obelisk -rrb- . 	177
-lrb- cause to -rrb- gradually become weak 	cause to grow thin or weak . 	178
move or execute very quickly or hastily 	run or move very quickly or hastily . 	179
prove or suggest to be false or incorrect . 	prove to be false or incorrect . 	180
-lrb- cause to -rrb- be overlay with something 	provide with a cover or cause to be cover . 	181
carry as a backpack , go backpack 	carry , as on one 's back . 	182
-lrb- cause to -rrb- separate into constituent , weaken , or destroy specifically by soak . 	separate into constituent by soak . 	183
GRATE ON : gnaw into emotionally ; make resentful or angry . 	gnaw into ; make resentful or angry . 	184
glare or strike with intensity 	glare or strike with great intensity . 	185
rightful portion or stake of something 	-lrb- law -rrb- a right or legal share of something ; a financial involvement with something . 	186
be shiny ; be a physical or metaphorical source of light . 	shine brightly , like a star or a light . 	187
the rotate motion of a object 	rotary motion of a object around its own axis . 	188
a romantic partner , girlfriend or boyfriend 	-lrb- slang -rrb- a person 's girlfriend or boyfriend . 	189
grip , penetrate or tear off with or as if with the tooth or jaw 	to grip , cut off , or tear with or as if with the tooth or jaw . 	190
exceed or surpass , go beyond , be greater than something 	pass by , over , or under without make contact . 	191
the outermost part of a car or truck wheel 	the outer part of a wheel to which the tire be attach . 	192
turn in to get something in exchange 	to turn in -lrb- voucher or coupon -rrb- and receive something in exchange . 	193
the act of perceive a scent 	the act of perceive the odor of something . 	194
relative darkness of a color 	relative darkness or lightness of a color . 	195
express or transform in a new form or language 	change from one form or medium into another . 	196
freshen , to make fresh ; refreshen 	become or make oneself fresh again . 	197
a work area for manufacturing or repair work 	small workplace where handcraft or manufacturing be do . 	198
fall between two taxonomic group 	be intermediate between two taxonomic group . 	199
bubble over with a certain feeling 	overflow with a certain feeling . 	200
scoop up , as if with a ladle 	scoop up by plunge one 's hand or a ladle below the surface . 	201
the action of oppose some other social or military force . 	the military action of resist the enemy 's advance . 	202
Incline or bend ; changle configuration . 	to incline or bend from a vertical position . 	203
-lrb- cause to -rrb- spray or wet with a spurt of liquid 	wet with a spurt of liquid . 	204
to move -lrb- the head or body -rrb- quickly downward or away -lrb- from something -rrb- . 	to move -lrb- the head or body -rrb- quickly downward or away . 	205
a specify portion of a whole 	one of several part or piece that fit with other to constitute a whole object . 	206
join or attach -lrb- as if -rrb- with glue , possibly to cover the surface of a object . 	join or attach with or as if with glue . 	207
move from one location to another 	transfer from one place or period to another . 	208
to make a great mental or physical effort 	make a great effort at a mental or physical task . 	209
fishing-exhaust by allow to pull on the line 	exhaust by allow to pull on the line . 	210
completely use up a resource 	use up the whole supply of . 	211
secure and protect a lifeform , maintain from injury or harm 	maintain in safety from injury , harm , or danger . 	212
a local non-residential college offer two year of course 	a nonresidential junior college offer a curriculum fit to the need of the community . 	213
throw a glance at ; take a brief look at or examine hastily . 	throw a glance at ; take a brief look at . 	214
a air force military unit , smaller than a squadron 	a air force unit smaller than a squadron . 	215
interfere with someone else 's activity 	destroy the peace or tranquility of . 	216
assign to or arrange into category 	arrange or order by class or category . 	217
treat a substance with some agent ; add a agent to . 	treat with a agent ; add -lrb- a agent -rrb- to . 	219
build , make by combine material or part 	make by combine material and part . 	220
make colder , or icy , use ice 	cause to become ice or icy . 	221
provide a seat or base for 	show to a seat ; assign a seat for . 	222
expose to air as to cool , freshen , or allow to escape . 	expose to cool or cold air so as to cool or freshen . 	223
the act of perpetrate a crime 	the act of commit a crime . 	224
support by place on or against something solid 	support by place against something solid or rigid . 	225
not succeed in achieve some abstract thing 	fail to make money in a business ; make a loss or fail to profit . 	226
a pointed instrument for write , stylus 	a pointed tool for write or draw or engrave . 	227
partake or provide a banquet 	partake in a feast or banquet . 	228
a participant who be a beginner in some activity 	any new participant in some activity . 	229
fasten by pass a rope through or around something 	fasten by pass through a hole or around something . 	230
line up or make parallel ; bring into proper adjustment 	place in a line or arrange so as to be parallel or straight . 	231
the act of enumerate or tally a total 	the act of counting ; recite number in ascend order . 	232
remove substance from a liquid or solution 	remove a constituent from a liquid . 	233
study intensively as if prepare for a test 	study intensively , as before a exam . 	234
decide the amount to be pay on a insurance claim 	decide how much be to be pay on a insurance claim . 	235
bribe , make payment to in exchange for benefit 	obtain by purchase ; acquire by means of a financial transaction . 	236
a detention center for prisoner or drunk 	a cell for violent prisoner . 	237
a small gift or souvenir give to guest at a party 	souvenir consist of a small gift give to a guest at a party . 	238
Run at a moderately swift pace , as for exercise . 	run at a moderately swift pace . 	239
oppose or approach , as in hostility or competition 	oppose , as in hostility or a competition . 	240
the technique and principle of artistic composition use paint 	create a picture with paint . 	241
own territory of a sovereign government 	the territory occupy by a nation . 	242
-lrb- cause to -rrb- change from a gas to a liquid . 	cause a gas or vapor to change into a liquid . 	243
a operation that group item accord to specific criterion 	a operation that segregate item into group accord to a specify criterion . 	244
Force to go away by blinking one eye . 	force to go away by blinking . 	245
the tactile -lrb- touch -rrb- quality something have 	the sensation produce by pressure receptor in the skin . 	246
manipulate or move something in order to operate . 	cause to go on or to be engage or set in operation . 	247
drag loosely along a surface , trail 	drag loosely along a surface ; allow to sweep the ground . 	248
influence or control skillfully and often deviously . 	influence or control shrewdly or deviously . 	249
cause to be perplexed or mentally confounded . 	cause to be perplexed or confound . 	250
symbolize , serve as a example of 	serve as a means of express something . 	251
the activity of remove a resource 	the act of decrease something markedly . 	252
pass -lrb- a thread -rrb- through or into , on or as if on a string 	thread on or as if on a string . 	253
change one thing for another 	the act of change one thing for another thing . 	254
lack of agreement , not harmonious 	lack of agreement or harmony . 	255
build , make by combine material or part 	put together out of artificial or natural component or part . 	256
the act or capability of see 	the act of look or see or observe . 	257
a assertion offer as evidence , a line of reasoning 	a fact or assertion offer as evidence that something be true . 	258
stain with a dirty substance 	stain with a dirty substance , such as soot . 	259
appoint , ordain to a clerical post 	appoint to a clerical post . 	260
expect , predict , or forsee something in the future 	make a prediction about ; tell in advance . 	261
state or explain the meaning 	give a definition for the meaning of a word . 	262
immerse briefly into liquid or container 	immerse briefly into a liquid so as to wet , coat , or saturate . 	263
a contract grant use or occupation of property under certain term or condition . 	a contract grant use or occupation of property during a specify time for a specified payment . 	264
pass or put a vessel through a lock in a waterway 	pass by means through a lock in a waterway . 	265
cause to assume a condition 	put into a certain state ; cause to be in a certain state . 	266
the inclusion of all member of mathematical set 	a set contain all and only the member of two or more give set . 	267
drench periodically with liquid while cooking 	cover with liquid before cooking . 	268
raise to a higher energy level -lrb- as in physics -rrb- 	raise to a higher energy level . 	269
make certain the failure or destruction of ; destine 	make certain of the failure or destruction of . 	270
function in a particular manner when move 	have certain property when drive . 	271
a set of piece of creative work for show 	a set of piece of creative work collect to be show to potential customer or employer . 	272
a person who take picture , often a professional 	someone who take photograph professionally . 	273
come into existence ; reveal its presence or make a apprearance . 	reveal its presence or make a appearance . 	274
reduce to small piece by pound or grind . 	reduce to small piece or particle by pound or abrade . 	275
discern , identify , or know because of a previous experience 	exhibit recognition for -lrb- a antigen or a substrate -rrb- . 	276
perform or supervise a ritual 	perform -lrb- a church sacrament -rrb- ritually . 	277
a object impair the respiration of someone or something . 	impair the respiration of or obstruct the air passage of . 	278
the close approach of one object to another 	the motion of one object relative to another . 	279
act in accordance with rule , command , or wish 	act in accordance with someone 's rule , command , or wish . 	280
cost or monetary value of goods or service 	the high value or worth of something . 	281
a function unit of a larger political organization , a cadre 	a small unit serve as part of or as the nucleus of a larger political movement . 	282
involve as a necessary accompaniment or result ; have as a logical consequence . 	impose , involve , or imply as a necessary accompaniment or result . 	283
regard with consideration or respect 	regard or treat with consideration , respect , and esteem . 	284
the act of lift something 	the act of raise something . 	285
lie at a angle ; bend along a path . 	to incline or bend from a vertical position . 	286
hinder or conceal the progress or occurrence of 	prevent the progress or free movement of . 	287
the act of come to rest after a voyage . 	the act of come down to the earth -lrb- or other surface -rrb- . 	288
put down by force or authority ; come down on or keep down by unjust use of authority . 	come down on or keep down by unjust use of one 's authority . 	289
remove facial hair by tie a fine string around it and pull 	remove facial hair by tie a fine string around it and pull at the string . 	290
manage , handle , or control something 	direct the course of ; manage or control . 	291
physical force that draw object together 	the force by which one object attract another . 	292
deal with accord to routine or procedure 	deal with in a routine way . 	293
enclose in a protective covering . 	cover with a protective sheathing . 	294
reverse a direction , attitude or course of action , perhaps perceptually . 	reverse -lrb- a direction , attitude , or course of action -rrb- . 	295
a fix entrance fee to a club or venue 	a fix charge by a restaurant or nightclub over and above the charge for food and drink . 	296
the act of allow , bestow something 	the act of provide a subsidy . 	297
draw in and expel air through lung . 	draw air into , and expel out of , the lung . 	298
start page of a website 	the opening page of a web site . 	299
-lrb- baseball -rrb- tag the base runner to get he out . 	tag the base runner to get he out . 	300
-lrb- cause to -rrb- move abruptly , often make a short , sharp sound 	close with a snap motion . 	301
people assemble together in a rhythmic movement 	a party of people assemble for dancing . 	302
a conveyance or transporter , often wheel 	a conveyance that transport people or object . 	303
365 day from January 1 to December 31 , the Gregorian calendar 	the year -lrb- reckon from January 1 to December 31 -rrb- accord to Gregorian calendar . 	304
apply conditioner to make smooth and shiny . 	apply conditioner to in order to make smooth and shiny . 	305
a vote , a public and legal choosing of official 	a vote to select the winner of a position or political office . 	306
approach a certain measurement , whether of age , speed , temperature , etc. . 	approach a certain age or speed . 	307
to fill with coal or oil 	fill -lrb- a ship 's bunker -rrb- with coal or oil . 	308
assign to a particular task 	assign to a specific task . 	309
leave isolate with little hope of rescue 	leave strand or isolate with little hope of rescue . 	310
a organism infect with another parasitic organism or pathogen 	a animal or plant that nourish and support a parasite ; it do not benefit and be often harm by the association . 	311
make coincide in time or operation 	make synchronous and adjust in time or manner . 	312
confine in or as if in a prison 	lock up or confine , in or as in a jail . 	313
the forceful exhalation of air from nose or mouth 	forceful exhalation through the nose or mouth . 	314
a social system of production , distribution and consumption 	the system of production and distribution and consumption . 	315
keep something intact , maintain unchanged condition 	keep in safety and protect from harm , decay , loss , or destruction . 	316
a result or outcome of a previous cause or condition 	the outcome of a event especially as relative to a individual . 	317
regard something likely or reasonable to happen 	regard something as probable or likely . 	318
a increase in size as measure per unit of time 	the rate of increase in size per unit time . 	319
have a great affection , liking , or desire for 	have a great affection or liking for . 	320
keep something or someone under control ; stop something from happen 	stop for a moment , as if out of uncertainty or caution . 	321
find out or determine , perhaps after a calculation or investigation . 	find out , learn , or determine with certainty , usually by make a inquiry or other effort . 	322
something that serve to suggest a certain fact . 	something that serve to indicate or suggest . 	323
a fee levy for the use of road or bridge . 	a fee levy for the use of road or bridge -lrb- use for maintenance -rrb- . 	324
obtain from a storage device , as of information on a computer . 	obtain or retrieve from a storage device ; as of information on a computer . 	325
repeat ; reestablish or begin again 	reestablish on a new , usually improve , basis or make new or like new . 	326
improve or perfect by polish , pruning , or make more concise . 	improve or perfect by pruning or polishing . 	328
signify or mean to express or convey 	mean or intend to express or convey . 	329
strike heavily , especially with a fist or implement . 	strike heavily , especially with the fist or a bat . 	330
a self-propelled projectile drive by self-contained propellant 	any vehicle self-propelled by a rocket engine . 	331
break open or apart suddenly and forcefully ; separate or cause to separate ; go to piece . 	separate or cause to separate abruptly . 	332
cause to match -lrb- idea or act -rrb- ; be compatible 	cause to match , as of idea or act . 	333
-lrb- cause to -rrb- be firmly attach or close . 	cause to be firmly attach . 	334
a chart or map show the dimension , movement or progress of something 	a chart or map show the movement or progress of a object . 	335
identify , establish location or identity 	recognize as be ; establish the identity of someone or something . 	336
put or set into , between or among 	put or introduce into something . 	337
a person or thing in the role of be a replacement for something else 	a person or thing that take or can take the place of another . 	338
division of a university that offer degree beyond bachelor 's degree 	a school in a university offering study lead to degree beyond the bachelor 's degree . 	339
subsist on a meager allowance or supply . 	subsist on a meager allowance . 	340
provide , raise , or supply fund to 	obtain or provide money for . 	341
a official with responsibility to supervise some domain of social activity 	a official responsible for control and supervision of a particular activity or area of public interest . 	342
the act of create written work . 	the activity of put something in written form . 	343
take or capture by force or authority 	take or capture by force . 	344
go after with the intent to follow or catch . 	go after with the intent to catch . 	345
a official campaign against a perceive societal harm 	a concerted campaign to end something that be injurious . 	346
remove feather , pit , shell , skin , husk 	remove shell or husk from . 	347
aggressive willingness to battle , pugnaciousness 	a aggressive willingness to compete . 	348
Pat or squeeze , especially under the chin . 	pat or squeeze fondly or playfully , especially under the chin . 	349
give a neat appearance to , neaten 	give a neat appearance to . 	350
the spatial , geometric contour of a object 	the set of element common to two or more set . 	351
the physiological activation of a organism or organ 	resist immunologically the introduction of some foreign tissue or organ . 	352
supporter , advocate of something or someone 	the act of hire something or someone . 	353
make up something fictional or untrue 	make up something artificial or untrue . 	354
regulate or set the time of -lrb- a clock -rrb- 	billow up in the form of a cloud . 	355
the act of substitute one thing for another 	the act of testing something . 	356
the foremost part of something 	the first part or section of something . 	357
the state of be in contact 	the state of be active . 	358
measure the time or duration of 	make weak by stunt the growth or development of . 	359
create a electrical short in something . 	the act of stop something . 	360
move or cause to move with a sudden , jerky movement . 	pull , or move with a sudden movement . 	361
the conclude section of a communication 	the last section of a communication . 	362
final stage of a event or activity 	make a retreat from a earlier commitment or activity . 	363
the act of govern , administrate 	the act of liberating someone or something . 	364
the act of move , turn something 	the act of retain something . 	365
the state of be retain 	the state of be angry . 	366
hold in a give state or situation 	create and charge with a task or function . 	367
the act of put a preparation on something . 	the management of someone or something . 	368
soak up -lrb- as if -rrb- with a sponge . 	hurl as if with a sling . 	369
register formally as a participant 	register formally as a participant or member . 	370
the act of create written work . 	a act of delaying or interrupt the continuity . 	371
the state of have option , alternative 	the act of admit someone to enter . 	372
the activity of examine or assess something 	the act of retain something . 	373
the act of forecasting or predict something 	the act of decrease or reduce something . 	374
the act of conceal or disguise 	the state of inactivity follow a interruption . 	375
the act of provide help or aid to someone 	the act of look or see or observe . 	376
the state of be retain 	the trait of be well behave . 	377
provide sexual gratification through oral stimulation . 	get sexual gratification through self-stimulation . 	378
act or do something in reaction to something 	the remains of something that have be destroy or break up . 	379
the quality of be useful for something 	the act of change one thing for another thing . 	380
protect with or as if with a shield 	separate with or as if with a instrument . 	381
declare invalid ; take away the legal force of or render ineffective . 	take away the legal force of or render ineffective . 	382
bind somebody or become bind emotionally 	be in some specify state or condition . 	383
assimilate into the mind or a situation 	lift and reset in another soil or situation . 	384
the human act of make something new . 	the speech act of make something evident . 	385
put up with something unpleasant 	put up with something or somebody unpleasant . 	386
the manner in which something or someon function or operate 	the act of force something out by squeeze or press . 	387
location sheltered from the wind 	a portion remove from the whole . 	388
the act of choose or select 	the act of look or see or observe . 	389
move or cause to move with a sudden , jerky movement . 	move or cause to move with a sudden jerky motion . 	390
the act of intentionally omit something 	have flavor ; taste of something . 	391
the noise of something rap against a surface 	the act of apply paint to a surface . 	392
-lrb- cause to -rrb- form a cluster in either abstract or physical space . 	cause to have , in the abstract sense or physical sense . 	393
incline from a vertical position 	to incline or bend from a vertical position . 	394
the act of move , turn something 	the act of pass from one state or place to the next . 	395
make a incision or separation 	take measure in preparation for . 	396
a established linear path of travel 	a established line of travel or access . 	397
behave in a certain way , usu . joyful 	behave in a certain way . 	398
make purer , more intense , as by removal of extraneous element 	make dirty or spotty , as by exposure to air ; also use metaphorically . 	399
the spatial , geometric contour of a object 	the speech act of object . 	400
a physical difficulty or obstacle 	get despite difficulty or obstacle . 	401
abide BY : act in accordance with rule , command , or wish . 	act in accordance with someone 's rule , command , or wish . 	402
want , desire or perfer to do something 	a disagreement or argument about something important . 	403
look at or observe something or someone 	the visual appearance of something or someone . 	404
the nature , makeup or constitution of something 	change the nature , purpose , or function of something . 	405
make sense of , give mean to 	make sense of ; assign a meaning to . 	406
move , transfer or carry something or someone 	a means or agency by which something be express or communicate . 	407
the state of be retain 	the state of be in effect or be operative . 	408
the act of provide help or aid to someone 	the act of perceive the odor of something . 	409
farm out : arrange for contract work to be do by other . 	arrange for contract work to be do by other . 	410
fasten -lrb- as if -rrb- with a rivet or rivet . 	create and charge with a task or function . 	411
cause to be immerse in 	cause to be firmly attach . 	412
the act of move , turn something 	the act of describe something . 	413
build , make by combine material or part 	make by combine material and part . 	414
-lrb- cause to -rrb- happen at a later time 	where you live at a particular time . 	415
the act of preserve or protect something 	the act of collide with something . 	416
the act of preserve or protect something 	the act of reject something . 	417
-lrb- cause to -rrb- become less tense ; rest or take one 's ease . 	become less tense , rest , or take one 's ease . 	418
the act of arrive at a certain place 	the occurrence of a uniting of separate part . 	419
the act of grasp into one 's arm 	the trait of waste resource . 	420
a state of be encircle 	the state of be excommunicate . 	421
incline from a vertical position 	to incline or bend from a vertical position . 	422
-lrb- cause to -rrb- be overcome with sudden fear 	to bring or combine together or with something else . 	423
leave undo or leave out 	terminate , end , or take out . 	424
change one thing for another 	the act of change one thing or position for another . 	425
reduce to small piece by pound or grind . 	reduce to small piece or particle by pound or abrade . 	426
put into or keep in a stall 	bring into a different state . 	427
the appropriate or desirable thing . 	the upper part of anything . 	428
the act of conceal or disguise 	the act of clipping or snip . 	429
a visual characterization of something 	a visual representation of something . 	430
physically grapple with a opponent 	a exclusive circle of people with a common purpose . 	431
the scent or odor of something 	the act of apply force to propel something . 	432
the human act of make something new . 	the act of break something . 	433
-lrb- cause to -rrb- separate or move in different direction 	to cause to separate and go in different direction . 	434
a state or act of gain pleasure 	the act of spending or disburse money . 	435
Change the meaning of -lrb- someone 's -rrb- word with intent to deceive . 	make a copy of with the intent to deceive . 	436
the act of preserve or protect something 	the act of testing something . 	437
put up with something unpleasant 	put up with something or somebody unpleasant . 	438
the act of appraise , critique something 	the act of catch a object with the hand . 	439
-lrb- cause to -rrb- appear suddenly or briefly 	cause to happen or be responsible for . 	440
take action or behave in a certain way 	compel to behave in a certain way . 	441
the state of be retain 	the state of be active . 	442
a instance or action of be incorrect . 	show consideration for ; take into account . 	443
the act of express approval , support of something 	the act of decrease something markedly . 	444
the act of put something to use . 	the activity of protect something from loss or danger . 	445
discourage or frighten with threat or a domineering manner ; intimidate ; be bossy towards someone . 	discourage or frighten with threat or a domineering manner ; intimidate . 	446
sacrifice or toll require to achieve something 	a appraisal of the value of something . 	447
the act of advocate or promote something 	the act of take of a person by force . 	448
the state of be employ 	the state of be excommunicate . 	449
the quality of be useful for something 	the quality of not be useful or convenient . 	450
a person who memorize or learn quickly 	a person who join with other in some activity or endeavor . 	451
the state of have one 's weight support 	the state of be connect . 	452
the act of forecasting or predict something 	the act of raise something . 	453
give a detailed account of 	narrate or give a detailed account of . 	454
a exciting or stimulating experience . 	the act of construct something . 	455
the act of forecasting or predict something 	the act of climb something . 	456
the act of provide incentive to someone 	the act of damaging something or someone . 	457
the act of put something to use . 	the act of testing something . 	458
the root or base form of a word 	the removal of a opponent 's piece from the chess board . 	459
be or come into conflict 	originate or come into be . 	460
make or become more acute or intense 	make or become more narrow or restricted . 	461
move or arrange oneself -lrb- oneselve -rrb- in a comfortable and cozy position . 	move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position . 	462
literally cause to become unable to see . 	bind by a obligation ; cause to be indebted . 	463
attract ; cause to be enamor by -lrb- one 's -rrb- nature . 	matter that have be deposit by some natural process . 	464
visual representation sketch by hand 	a visual representation of something . 	465
a person who be a member of the senate 	a person who be a member of a partnership . 	466
cover or back with foil . 	communicate or signal with a flag . 	467
the state of be please with life . 	the state of be join or unite or link . 	468
look at or observe something or someone 	the act of hire something or someone . 	469
give a neat appearance to , neaten 	give a neat appearance to . 	470
a abundance or profusion of something 	place under suspicion or cast doubt upon . 	471
request or demand a response from someone ; challenge someone 	make a request or demand for something to somebody . 	472
the act of move , turn something 	the act of make up you mind about something . 	473
the state of be employ 	the state of be deplete . 	474
set forth as a introduction or preface 	stir the feeling , emotion , or peace of . 	475
the act of conceal or disguise 	the act of provide a subsidy . 	476
the act of begin something new . 	the act of reject something . 	477
-lrb- cause to -rrb- separate or move in different direction 	to cause to separate and go in different direction . 	478
live in the bush as a fugitive or guerilla 	declare in the capacity of a umpire or referee . 	479
the act of purchase back something previously sell . 	the act of damaging something or someone . 	480
bring , lead , or force to abandon a evil path or lifestyle and adopt a right course of action . 	bring , lead , or force to abandon a wrong or evil course of life , conduct , and adopt a right one . 	481
-lrb- cause to -rrb- run at a moderately swift pace . 	run at a moderately swift pace . 	482
-lrb- cause to -rrb- meet or intersect 	cause to make a snap sound . 	483
settle or deal with something 	put or introduce into something . 	484
cause to turn from one course or use to another 	send from one person or place to another . 	485
search -lrb- as the bottom of a body of water -rrb- for something 	search -lrb- as the bottom of a body of water -rrb- for something valuable or lose . 	486
realize and regret the absence of something or somebody 	a restraint that check the motion of something . 	487
follow one 's own or another 's path 	go one 's own way ; move apart . 	488
the state of be in contact 	the state or fact of be a owner . 	489
the act or means of get rid of something . 	the act of remove or get rid of something . 	490
set forth as a introduction or preface 	set or ask for a certain price . 	491
severance from a social connection or tie 	free from obligation or duty . 	492
the human act of make something new . 	the speech act of make something evident . 	493
the state of be retain 	the state of be reject . 	494
a instance or action of be incorrect . 	the space where a division or parting occur . 	495
deliver the goods : attain success , reach a goal 	attain success or reach a desire goal . 	496
the act of harm or hurt someone 	the act of damaging something or someone . 	497
give a detailed account of 	narrate or give a detailed account of . 	498
the pulsation of the heart 	piece -lrb- something old -rrb- with a new part . 	499
behave or move in a certain manner 	be worthy of or have a certain rating . 	500
move or execute very quickly or hastily 	run or move very quickly or hastily . 	501
infer or believe to be the case 	believe to be the case . 	502
a border or boundary of a object 	plan , organize , and carry out -lrb- a event -rrb- . 	503
the act of provide incentive to someone 	the act of lose someone or something . 	504
the act of begin something new . 	the act of decrease something markedly . 	505
administer or bestow , as portion 	administer or bestow , as in small portion . 	506
entreat ; ask for some information or action . 	the act of pass something to another person . 	507
the act of indicate or point out by name . 	the act of spending or disburse money . 	508
the act of begin something new . 	the act of stop something . 	509
move from one location to another 	move from one place to another . 	510
set forth as a introduction or preface 	expose to cool or cold air so as to cool or freshen . 	511
the action of place or situate a object 	the act of choose or select . 	512
the act of put a preparation on something . 	the act of break something . 	513
the state of be retain 	the state of be connect . 	514
a consequence , outcome or result of something 	have a disagreement over something . 	515
the act of confine , prevent or block something 	the act of change one thing for another thing . 	516
the act of preserve or protect something 	the act of apply force to propel something . 	517
lessen in force , impact , or effect 	lessen in force or effect . 	518
the act of accuse someone or something for be at fault 	come into the possession of something concrete or abstract . 	519
a rationale or reason for something 	a relation that provide the foundation for something . 	520
request or demand something from someone 	the act of damaging something or someone . 	521
register formally as a participant 	register formally as a participant or member . 	522
the act of turn , rotate a object 	the trait of waste resource . 	523
define , distinctive form or shape of something 	a prominent attribute or aspect of something . 	524
run aground -- -lrb- cause to -rrb- come to the ground 	cause to come to the ground . 	525
expel or eject -lrb- saliva , phlegm , sputum , or vomit -rrb- from the mouth . 	expel or eject -lrb- saliva or phlegm or sputum -rrb- from the mouth . 	526
a aggregation of thing or people 	the visual appearance of something or someone . 	527
trace the form or outline of 	change the arrangement or position of . 	528
the act of preserve or protect something 	the act of affirm or assert or state something . 	529
the act of preserve or protect something 	the act of decrease or reduce something . 	530
manipulate or move something in order to operate . 	act or move at high speed . 	531
the process of become less or smaller 	the bodily process of discharge waste matter . 	532
the state of be retain 	the state of be actual or real . 	533
rise or heave upward under a natural force such as a wave . 	rise or heave upward under the influence of a natural force such as a wave . 	534
make a proposal or overture to with a specific end in view 	make a channel for ; provide with a channel . 	535
the activity of examine or assess something 	the act of spending or disburse money . 	536
combine so as to form a more complex product 	combine so as to form a whole ; mix . 	537
understand the meaning of something . 	get the meaning of something . 	538
the flavor quality of something 	a relatively long narrow piece of something . 	539
estimate or calculate the numerical value of something 	observe or plot the move path of something . 	540
put in a dangerous position 	put in a horizontal position . 	541
a store or supply of something 	a large or extra supply of something . 	542
understand the meaning of something . 	organize -lrb- the production of something -rrb- into a industry . 	543
a allotment or percentage of something 	a appraisal of the value of something . 	544
the act of conceal or disguise 	the act of explode or burst . 	545
give a deceptive explanation for ; cover up 	give a deceptive explanation or excuse for . 	546
take legal action against , as in court 	tie or fasten into a knot . 	547
the act of search for or buy goods or service . 	the act of branch out or divide into branch . 	548
bring to a certain pressure 	bring to a certain spiritual state . 	549
penetrate or cut with a sharp instrument 	penetrate or cut through with a sharp instrument . 	550
-lrb- cause to -rrb- run at a moderately swift pace . 	cause bodily suffer to and make sick or indisposed . 	551
the way something conform to a shape 	how something be do or how it happen . 	552
realize and regret the absence of something or somebody 	a judgment of the quality of something or somebody . 	553
make receptive or willing toward a action or belief . 	make receptive or willing towards a action or attitude or belief . 	554
a agent or company that insure something 	a energetic attempt to achieve something . 	555
the event of propose or volunteer something 	the act of reject something . 	556
remove from a place or from office 	remove from a contest or race . 	557
-lrb- cause to -rrb- become less tense ; rest or take one 's ease . 	become less tense , rest , or take one 's ease . 	558
free -lrb- from restraint -rrb- , let loose 	a loud resonant repeat noise . 	559
the act of turn , rotate a object 	the act of troubling or annoying someone . 	560
remove to or from a place or situation 	remove or force out from a position . 	561
the act of begin something new . 	the act of break something . 	562
the quality of heighten light on area of a object 	the activity of protect someone or something . 	563
act of move or convey something 	the act of decrease or reduce something . 	564
the act of preserve or protect something 	the activity of supply or provide something . 	565
the act of put something to use . 	the act of testing something . 	566
draw a cross in the air over something 	get the meaning of something . 	567
the act of forcibly take the opposition 	the act of force the enemy to withdraw . 	568
the act of choose or select 	the act of wind or twist . 	569
provoke someone to do something through -lrb- often exaggerated or false -rrb- promise or persuasion . 	provoke someone to do something through -lrb- often false or exaggerated -rrb- promise or persuasion . 	570
refuse to recognize something as valid -lrb- not a person -rrb- . 	the power to use something or someone . 	571
a indication of something , evidence 	the disclosure of something secret . 	572
the act of improve something 's quality 	the act of start something . 	573
create a new entity by put component or member together 	create by put component or member together . 	574
small metal plate on toe of a dancing shoe 	something that float on the surface of water . 	575
the act of accuse someone or something for be at fault 	the act of put something in work order again . 	576
the state of be in contact 	the state of be exclude . 	577
amount that can be contain 	the amount that can be contain . 	578
collection of name and address to serve as recipient of information content 	the part of the general public interested in a source of information or entertainment . 	579
turn , twist or fasten -lrb- as if -rrb- with a screw 	take out or up with or as if with a scoop . 	580
the act of forecasting or predict something 	the act of project out from something . 	581
become or cause to become obstruct 	become or cause to become soft or liquid . 	582
have the financial means to obtain , buy , or do something 	the enclose frame around a door or window opening . 	583
the act of forcibly take the opposition 	the act of crack something . 	584
the human act of make something new . 	the act of raise something . 	585
put up with something unpleasant 	put up with something or somebody unpleasant . 	586
-lrb- cause to -rrb- happen at a later time 	cause to skip over a surface . 	587
a small , indefinite portion of something 	lumber use in the construction of something . 	588
be give to , come into the possession of 	come into the possession of . 	589
put up with something unpleasant 	put up with something or somebody unpleasant . 	590
make a crush noise , possibly as the result of press or grind . 	have a range ; be capable of project over a certain distance , as of a gun . 	591
place or lay as if in a pile 	enclose in or as if in a frame . 	592
the act of rub a surface 	the act of apply paint to a surface . 	593
move or arrange oneself -lrb- oneselve -rrb- in a comfortable and cozy position . 	move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position . 	594
refuse to recognize something as valid -lrb- not a person -rrb- . 	the speech act of make something evident . 	595
the act of confine , prevent or block something 	the act of refer or consult . 	596
the act of choose or select 	the act of start something . 	597
the act of put something to use . 	the act of put something somewhere . 	598
meet or encounter on social or professional capacity 	get or extort -lrb- money or other possession -rrb- from someone . 	599
the context or setting in which something take place 	the act of start something . 	600
the state of be retain 	the act of break something . 	601
Advance ; contribute to the progress or growth of . 	contribute to the progress or growth of . 	602
cause or become accessible state , make or become available 	cause to experience or suffer or make liable or vulnerable to . 	603
remove from a place or from office 	remove from memory or existence . 	604
the act of preserve or protect something 	the act of raise something . 	605
get or find back ; recover 	get or find back ; recover the use of . 	606
regard something likely or reasonable to happen 	change toward something smaller or lower . 	607
a object impair the respiration of someone or something . 	a advantage to the benefit of someone or something . 	608
carry out or complete a activity 	carry out or perform a action . 	609
droop , sink , or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness ; become less intense . 	droop , sink , or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness . 	610
cause to turn from one course or use to another 	cause -lrb- a liquid -rrb- to leach or percolate . 	611
-lrb- cause to -rrb- appear suddenly or briefly 	cause to appear in a new form . 	612
the act of harm or hurt someone 	the act of draw or haul something . 	613
the act of move , turn something 	the act of construct something . 	614
the act of preserve or protect something 	draw up a outline or sketch for something . 	615
-lrb- cause to -rrb- come apart , separate , or split 	cause to be agitate , excite , or rouse . 	616
remove from a place or from office 	remove from a contest or race . 	617
give a detailed account of 	narrate or give a detailed account of . 	618
the act of flip a object into the air 	the act of rend or rip or splitting something . 	619
the act of preserve or protect something 	the act of choose or select . 	620
the act of protest , dissent 	the act of break something . 	621
the activity of pretend to be someone or something else 	the activity of protect someone or something . 	622
make a image or sound clearer ; put into focus 	make a mess of or create disorder in . 	623
the act of turn , rotate a object 	the act of catch a object with the hand . 	624
the act of appraise , critique something 	the act of decrease or reduce something . 	625
-lrb- cause to -rrb- run at a moderately swift pace . 	run at a moderately swift pace . 	626
pass time in a particular place or way 	assign a new time and place for a event . 	627
-lrb- cause to -rrb- be cover with something . 	give someone credit for something . 	628
-lrb- the act of make -rrb- a measurement of something . 	the state of be unsure of something . 	629
write all the require information 	write all the require information onto a form . 	630
abrupt state of disbelief about something 	the act of choose or select . 	631
the act of conceal or disguise 	the act of form or establish something . 	632
the cause or instigation of something 	the end or completion of something . 	633
lose clarity or turn aside , especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument . 	lose clarity or turn aside especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument in write , think , or speaking . 	634
a context or situation that hinder or impede 	a negative aspect of something that be generally positive . 	635
create a electrical short in something . 	have a argument about something . 	636
have a complexion with a strong bright color ; reflect emotion via one 's complexion . 	have a complexion with a strong bright color , such as red or pink . 	637
ascribe or place in association with 	be or act in association with . 	638
a plant structure near the top of the plant . 	a strong current of air . 	639
the act of rub a surface 	the act of give temporary assistance . 	640
the act of forecasting or predict something 	the act of start something . 	641
amount that can be contain 	the amount that can be contain . 	642
round end of a bone 	put in the mind of someone . 	643
the action of place or situate a object 	the condition of living or the state of be alive . 	644
the act of harm or hurt someone 	the act of hinder or obstruct or impede . 	645
administer or bestow , as portion 	administer or bestow , as in small portion . 	646
the assertion of a proposition offer as true 	the action of oppose something that you disapprove or disagree with . 	647
the act of enter a structure 	the state of be actual or real . 	648
the act of preserve or protect something 	the act of end something . 	649
a area that be central within some larger region . 	a area that be approximately central within some larger region . 	650
reduce the price of something 	the rate of some repeat event . 	651
a instance or action of be incorrect . 	the status or fact of be elect . 	652
the state of be in work order 	the state of be actual or real . 	653
the state of be retain 	the state of be connect . 	654
the action of place or situate a object 	a formation of people or thing one beside another . 	655
the act of conscripting soldier for a army 	the act of compete as for profit or a prize . 	656
the act of forecasting or predict something 	the act of stop something . 	657
the state of be employ 	the state of be exclude . 	658
have in mind as a plan or purpose 	wipe with a sponge , so as to clean or moisten . 	659
the act of protest , dissent 	the act of hit vigorously . 	660
class of student teach together 	a body of student who be teach together . 	661
Advance ; contribute to the progress or growth of . 	contribute to the progress or growth of . 	662
put in motion or move to act ; make active or more active . 	something serve as a cover or protection . 	663
the act of cut off length , snip off 	the act of make or enact law . 	664
the act of move , turn something 	the act of climb something . 	665
-lrb- cause to -rrb- separate or move in different direction 	to cause to separate and go in different direction . 	666
cover with a primer base 	move with a thrashing motion . 	667
the state of have option , alternative 	the act of come to land after a voyage . 	668
the act of preserve or protect something 	the act of perceive the odor of something . 	669
behave or move in a certain manner 	behave in a certain manner . 	670
the essence or gist of something 	the disadvantage that result from lose something . 	671
cause to be immerse in 	cause to be interested or curious . 	673
a type of military aircraft 	a unit of military aircraft . 	674
pass into by penetrate or permeate 	the act of break something . 	675
a boundary area or edge of something 	a concentrated example of something . 	676
the activity of examine or assess something 	the act of designate or identify something . 	677
the act of begin something new . 	the act of end something . 	678
the quality of heighten light on area of a object 	the date on which a obligation must be repay . 	679
unite ; merge with something already in existence 	put up with something or somebody unpleasant . 	680
the act of move , turn something 	the act of remove or get rid of something . 	681
the state of be retain 	the state of be suspect . 	682
the act of govern , administrate 	the rate of move -lrb- especially walk or run -rrb- . 	683
the quality of be useful for something 	the act of make up you mind about something . 	684
the act of choose or select 	the act of raise something . 	685
be in direct physical contact with 	be in direct physical contact with ; make contact . 	686
the place within which a authority have power 	the act of add one thing to another . 	687
the foremost part of something 	the greatest possible degree of something . 	688
mark or cover with or as if with dot 	cover with or as if with a cloak . 	689
the act of put something to use . 	the act of start something . 	690
Vomit , either in a controlled or uncontrolled fashion . 	something copy or derive from a original . 	691
the act of put a preparation on something . 	the general outward appearance of something . 	692
the act of advocate or promote something 	the act of raise something . 	693
-lrb- cause to -rrb- separate or move in different direction 	to cause to separate and go in different direction . 	694
the act of put something to use . 	the path follow by a object move through space . 	695
a spatial terminus or farthest boundary of something 	a relation that provide the foundation for something . 	696
the act of substitute one thing for another 	the act of contact one thing with another . 	697
the act of preserve or protect something 	the act of decrease or reduce something . 	698
the act of conceal or disguise 	the state of be exclude . 	699
the act of apply paint to a surface 	the act of flip a coin . 	700
behave or move in a certain manner 	behave in a certain way . 	701
reduce to small piece by pound or grind . 	reduce to small piece or particle by pound or abrade . 	702
the act of conceal or disguise 	the act of free a city or town that have be besiege . 	703
put on cream , as on one 's face or body . 	carry , as on one 's back . 	704
supporter , advocate of something or someone 	the visual appearance of something or someone . 	705
Advance ; contribute to the progress or growth of . 	contribute to the progress or growth of . 	706
wear or display , as in a facet of something or a article of clothing . 	a consequence of someone 's effort or of a particular set of circumstance . 	707
move into and stay in a particular position 	concentrate on a particular place or spot . 	708
-lrb- cause to -rrb- move back and forth or side to side 	move back and forth or sideways . 	709
sell something to or obtain something from by underhanded activity . 	sell something to or obtain something from by energetic and especially underhanded activity . 	710
state of be unclothed , naked 	the act of climb something . 	711
the noise of something rap against a surface 	the event of something burning -lrb- often destructive -rrb- . 	712
the act of forecasting or predict something 	the act of retain something . 	713
supply with water for crop , as with channel , ditch , or stream . 	supply with water , as with channel or ditch or stream . 	714
snatch or capture a freely move object 	search for or buy goods or service . 	715
-lrb- cause to -rrb- become widely distribute . 	become or cause to become obstruct . 	716
the human act of make something new . 	the speech act of make something evident . 	717
trace the form or outline of 	show the form or outline of . 	718
hollow out in the form of a furrow or groove . 	move through with or as if with a rake . 	719
the act of purchase back something previously sell . 	the act of explain ; make something plain or intelligible . 	720
the activity of examine or assess something 	the act of form or establish something . 	721
Complain ; talk in a tearful manner . 	talk in a tearful manner . 	722
exist in a certain manner , mode , or style 	the last or lowest in a order or series . 	723
the act of harm or hurt someone 	the act of choose or select . 	724
glean or gather natural product 	gather , as of natural product . 	725
put up with something unpleasant 	put up with something or somebody unpleasant . 	726
saturate or inocculate with a substance . 	make a mark or line on a surface . 	727
the act of turn , rotate a object 	the act of add one thing to another . 	728
make track on a surface 	make a mark or line on a surface . 	729
the act of put something to use . 	the act of hire something or someone . 	730
the identification or the realization of something 	the time period that be consider best for start or finish something . 	731
to make ready , fit out 	make ready for action or use . 	732
the act of intentionally omit something 	the act of rend or rip or splitting something . 	733
the act of substitute one thing for another 	the act of add one thing to another . 	734
cause to move forward with force . 	vary or move from a fixed point or course . 	735
the manner in which something or someon function or operate 	the amount by which something decrease . 	736
injure by turn or rotate 	move by turn over or rotate . 	737
the act of forecasting or predict something 	the act of decrease or reduce something . 	738
cause to be in a state or location 	put into a certain place or abstract location . 	739
protect with or as if with a shield 	maintain with or as if with a bet . 	740
the human act of make something new . 	the act of raise something . 	741
the conclude section of a communication 	the last section of a communication . 	742
the crown of a flowering plant 	the reduction of something 's value or worth . 	743
want , desire or perfer to do something 	prefer or wish to do something . 	744
the activity of pretend to be someone or something else 	the act of liberating someone or something . 	745
supply with water for crop , as with channel , ditch , or stream . 	supply with water , as with channel or ditch or stream . 	746
the act of combine , blend , integrate 	-lrb- theology -rrb- God 's act of bring the universe into existence . 	747
the activity of pretend to be someone or something else 	the act of damaging something or someone . 	748
the act of harm or hurt someone 	the act of damaging something or someone . 	749
put up with something unpleasant 	put up with something or somebody unpleasant . 	750
