the activity of learning or being trained 	the gradual process of acquiring knowledge . 	1
thin metal strips used in typesetting 	thin strip of metal used to separate lines of type in printing . 	2
falcon : abandon intended game and pursue lesser prey 	abandon the intended prey , turn , and pursue an inferior prey . 	3
the act of designating a role to someone 	the act of designating or identifying something . 	4
make pure or free from sin 	make pure or free from sin or guilt . 	5
leave undone or leave out 	fail to do something ; leave something undone . 	6
a social set or clique of friends 	an unofficial association of people or groups . 	7
The upper part of a column . 	the upper part of a column that supports the entablature . 	8
sink to a lower level ; descend 	sink to a lower level or form a depression . 	9
create code or computer programs 	create code , write a computer program . 	10
release from confinement , obligation , or a burden 	grant relief or an exemption from a rule or requirement to . 	11
-LRB- Cause to -RRB- sully the good name and reputation of . 	charge falsely or with malicious intent ; attack the good name and reputation of someone . 	12
a company that provides public service commodities 	a company that performs a public service ; subject to government regulation . 	13
Physically extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center ; physically spread from a start point . 	extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center . 	14
Distribute systematically or strategically ; initiate . 	to distribute systematically or strategically . 	15
create something in the mind 	form a mental image of something that is not present or that is not the case . 	16
-LRB- cause to -RRB- become less clear or indistinct 	to make less distinct or clear . 	17
exempt or free from a burden , duty , or requirement 	free from a burden , evil , or distress . 	18
a straight length of road or racetrack 	a straightaway section of a racetrack . 	19
-LRB- cause to -RRB- emit a brief burst of light 	emit a brief burst of light . 	20
stretch to the utmost , causing stress or injury 	alter the shape of -LRB- something -RRB- by stress . 	21
move in a group or flock 	move as a crowd or in a group . 	22
a temporary debarment , revoking of a privilege 	a temporary debarment -LRB- from a privilege or position etc -RRB- . 	23
An imperfection ; the quality of being inadequate or falling short . 	the quality of being inadequate or falling short of perfection . 	24
clear mucus from one 's throat 	clear mucus or food from one 's throat . 	25
preserve , keep in safety , use frugally 	keep in safety and protect from harm , decay , loss , or destruction . 	26
an address used for postal communication 	the address where a person or organization can be communicated with . 	27
An organization that sponsors a large public event 	any organization that provides resources and facilities for a function or event . 	28
legally approve or ratify a person for a position 	support a person for a position . 	29
Try to cure by special care or treatment , of an illness or injury ; treat carefully . 	try to cure by special care of treatment , of an illness or injury . 	30
anything with the form of a thin strip 	a long thin implement resembling a length of wood . 	31
the controlling component of a grammatical constituent 	-LRB- grammar -RRB- the word in a grammatical constituent that plays the same grammatical role as the whole constituent . 	32
reach a destination or goal 	reach a destination ; arrive by movement or progress . 	33
Shrivel , wither , or mature imperfectly , as of a flower . 	shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly . 	34
Part , cease , or break association with -LRB- something -RRB- . 	part ; cease or break association with . 	35
a cue given to someone for assistance 	a cue given to a performer -LRB- usually the beginning of the next line to be spoken -RRB- . 	36
make more common , uniform or general 	draw from specific cases for more general cases . 	37
-LRB- cause to -RRB- burst or open , usually with a sharp sound 	burst open with a sharp , explosive sound . 	38
Make -LRB- undue -RRB- claims of owning . 	make undue claims to having . 	39
the political head of city government 	the head of a city government . 	40
to cause to become quiet 	become quiet or still ; fall silent . 	41
More forward in a leaping or skipping manner . 	move forward by leaps and bounds . 	42
give up right or possession to another 	give up or agree to forgo to the power or possession of another . 	43
come as a logical consequence , be inferred 	come as a logical consequence ; follow logically . 	44
the event of gradually vanishing from view 	the event of fading and gradually vanishing from sight . 	45
feel anxious , concerned , uneasy , or apprehensive about 	be afraid or feel anxious or apprehensive about a possible or probable situation or event . 	46
travel in or be shaped like a zigzag 	travel along a zigzag path . 	47
create a mess or disorder 	make a mess of or create disorder in . 	48
the state of being employed 	the state of being employed or having a job . 	49
a sculpture of a human or animal 	a sculpture representing a human or animal . 	50
-LRB- abstract -RRB- characterize , commemorate , make special -LRB- or respectful -RRB- 	be a distinctive feature , attribute , or trait ; sometimes in a very positive sense . 	51
operating or traveling via a vehicle 	travel or be transported in a vehicle . 	52
-LRB- cause to -RRB- fall or subside to a lower place , level , or value 	fall or descend to a lower place or level . 	53
the ability to recall things 	the ability to recall past occurrences . 	54
An animate agent utters with a spitting sound , as if in a rage . 	utter with a spitting sound , as if in a rage . 	55
the noise of something rapping against a surface 	the sound of knocking -LRB- as on a door or in an engine or bearing -RRB- . 	56
Ask for and get something for free . 	ask for and get free ; be a parasite . 	57
a general condition of soundness of a system or machine 	the general condition of body and mind . 	58
an area enclosed by walls or buildings 	an area wholly or partly surrounded by walls or buildings . 	59
raising the stakes or bet of a game by a factor of 2 	raising the stakes in a card game by a factor of 2 . 	60
the act of surrendering an asset 	the act of losing or surrendering something as a penalty for a mistake or fault or failure to perform etc. . . 	61
protect or speak up against criticism or opposition 	protect or fight for as a champion . 	62
A relation of affinity or harmony between people . 	a relation of affinity or harmony between people ; whatever affects one correspondingly affects the other . 	63
save from an experience , action or harm 	save or relieve from an experience or action . 	64
go around the rim of 	run around the rim of . 	65
take in -LRB- mentally or physically -RRB- 	take -LRB- gas , light or heat -RRB- into a solution . 	66
separate -LRB- as if -RRB- by passing through a sieve 	separate by passing through a sieve or other straining device to separate out coarser elements . 	67
a cultivated plant that is now growing wild 	a plant originally cultivated but now growing wild . 	68
speed up the process of 	speed up the progress of ; facilitate . 	69
Provide evidence for ; show by one 's behavior , attitude , or external attributes ; embody . 	provide evidence for ; stand as proof of ; show by one 's behavior , attitude , or external attributes . 	70
a computer program that performs system support 	-LRB- computer science -RRB- a program designed for general support of the processes of a computer . 	71
the length of time of a temporary cessation 	a time interval during which there is a temporary cessation of something . 	72
rhythmical thrusting of the legs in a swim stroke 	a rhythmic thrusting movement of the legs as in swimming or calisthenics . 	73
Make more temperate , acceptable , or suitable . 	make more temperate , acceptable , or suitable by adding something else ; moderate . 	74
confine in or as if in a prison 	confine as if in a prison . 	75
make amorous or sexual advances toward 	approach with an offer of sexual favors . 	76
Put down by force , intimidation , or authority , as of a person ; correct by punishment or discipline . 	correct by punishment or discipline . 	77
break up a solid , usually into a solution 	cause to go into a solution . 	78
A movement -LRB- physical or abstract -RRB- back from an impact . 	a movement back from an impact . 	79
the act of putting something to use . 	the action of putting something into operation . 	80
-LRB- cause to -RRB- relax , be at ease , assume a friendly manner 	disentangle and raise the fibers of . 	81
a physical framework of crossing strips , often wooden 	framework consisting of an ornamental design made of strips of wood or metal . 	82
an itemized statement of money owed 	an itemized statement of money owed for goods shipped or services rendered . 	83
positively-charged center part of an atom 	the positively charged dense center of an atom . 	84
An event that causes someone or something to die . 	an event that causes someone to die . 	85
indicate a decision or prediction 	declare in the capacity of an umpire or referee . 	86
state of being active , bustling about 	the trait of being active ; moving or acting rapidly and energetically . 	87
cause to become awake or alert 	cause to be alert and energetic . 	88
Look through a book or some other written material -LRB- for information -RRB- . 	look through a book or other written material . 	89
the conclusion of a communication 	the last section of a communication . 	90
meet or encounter on social or professional capacity 	go to see for professional or business reasons . 	91
assembled group of spectators at a performance 	a gathering of spectators or listeners at a -LRB- usually public -RRB- performance . 	92
give interlinear explanations or citations for text 	provide an interlinear translation of a word or phrase . 	93
Leave to someone after one 's death . 	leave or give by will after one 's death . 	94
cause to vibrate in a different pattern 	cause to vibrate in a definite pattern . 	95
compel , enforce , or insist on something 	compel to behave in a certain way . 	96
draw a cross in the air over something 	travel across or pass over . 	97
give away something that is not needed 	give up what is not strictly needed . 	98
-LRB- Cause to -RRB- become less interesting , attractive or vigorous . 	become less interesting or attractive . 	99
have a disagreement or quarrel over something 	have a disagreement over something . 	100
endure or experience a painful event 	undergo -LRB- as of injuries and illnesses -RRB- . 	101
the manner in which something or someon functions or operates 	process or manner of functioning or operating . 	102
the event of coming to a stop , ending something 	the event of something ending . 	103
return to a prior state 	return to an original state . 	104
the United States , especially the North during the Civil War 	the United States -LRB- especially the northern states during the American Civil War -RRB- . 	105
-LRB- cause to -RRB- become overloaded or overcharged 	place too much a load on . 	106
the act of substituting one thing for another 	the act of furnishing an equivalent person or thing in the place of another . 	107
imagine ; form a mental picture of something 	form a mental picture of something that is invisible or abstract . 	108
indicate a decision or prediction 	indicate a decision in regard to . 	109
carry a burden , real or metaphorical 	carry a burden , either real or metaphoric . 	110
An official task or undertaking , usually funded 	any piece of work that is undertaken or attempted . 	111
the complete haploid sequence of DNA of an organism 	the ordering of genes in a haploid set of chromosomes of a particular organism ; the full DNA sequence of an organism . 	112
stamp or emboss with a block 	stamp or emboss a title or design on a book with a block . 	113
-LRB- medicine -RRB- the capacity of an organism to defend against disease . 	-LRB- medicine -RRB- the condition in which an organism can resist disease . 	114
a flock of sheep or goats 	a group of sheep or goats . 	115
a unit of atmospheric pressure 	-LRB- meteorology -RRB- a unit of pressure equal to a million dynes per square centimeter . 	116
a winning shot in tennis against opponent 's serve 	-LRB- tennis -RRB- a score consisting of winning a game when your opponent was serving . 	117
a messenger deployed on a mission on behalf of someone else 	someone sent on a mission to represent the interests of someone else . 	118
the act of taking an offer 	the act of taking something that is offered . 	119
hit or return before it touches the ground 	hit before it touches the ground . 	120
a thrusting weapon , as a sword 	a cutting or thrusting weapon that has a long metal blade and a hilt with a hand guard . 	121
mix or breed things of different varieties or qualities 	breed animals or plants using parents of different races and varieties . 	122
Walk heavily and firmly -LRB- like a cat -RRB- as when weary or over soft terrain . 	walk heavily and firmly , as when weary , or through mud . 	123
pay unsolicited sexual attention to 	pay unsolicited and usually unwanted sexual attention to . 	124
Release -LRB- gas or energy -RRB- as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition -LRB- perhaps in a metaphorical sense -RRB- 	release -LRB- gas or energy -RRB- as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition . 	125
reshow a play or broadcast 	rerun a performance of a play , for example . 	126
a figurative position in relation to other positions , as in arguments 	a position given by its location to the side of an object . 	127
state of being under control 	the state of being controlled or governed . 	128
a vehicle race on public roads 	an automobile race run over public roads . 	129
Amount that can be contained 	the amount that can be contained . 	130
take legal action to seek compensation for a wrong 	institute legal proceedings against ; file a suit against . 	131
move into and stay in a particular position 	put into a certain place or abstract location . 	132
opening shot in billiards or pool 	the opening shot that scatters the balls in billiards or pool . 	133
an instrument of torture applied to foot and leg 	an instrument of torture that is used to heat or crush the foot and leg . 	134
-LRB- cause to -RRB- separate or move in different directions 	to cause to separate and go in different directions . 	135
An established or recognized right , formal or informal . 	an informal right to something . 	136
fetching something from a source 	act of getting or draining something such as electricity or a liquid from a source . 	137
communicate or make known by gestures , action , or signs 	communicate silently and non-verbally by signals or signs . 	138
strike the upper part of a ball giving it forward spin 	strike -LRB- the top part of a ball in golf , baseball , or pool -RRB- giving it a forward spin . 	139
the act of spending , disbursing funds 	the act of spending or disbursing money . 	140
recording tracks of music made on some medium 	a trench resembling a furrow that was made by erosion or excavation . 	141
an inherent aptitude or talent 	an aptitude that may be developed . 	142
Make liberal or more liberal , become more liberal , usually in terms of laws or rules . 	make liberal or more liberal , of laws and rules . 	143
free from obligations , service or confinement 	free from obligations or duties . 	144
twist a body part suddenly so as to sprain 	twist suddenly so as to sprain . 	145
a cause or source of duress , worry 	difficulty that causes worry or emotional tension . 	146
a state of an authority managing or dominating a circumstance 	the activity of managing or exerting control over something . 	147
move -LRB- as if -RRB- by lowering 	come as if by falling . 	148
Process , or refine in a reverberating furnace 	treat , process , heat , melt , or refine in a reverberatory furnace . 	149
economic term : raise economic demand , expand the money supply , or raise prices to experience reflation 	economics : raise demand , expand the money supply , or raise prices , after a period of deflation . 	150
clean , cleanse , or able to be cleaned 	cleanse with a cleaning agent , such as soap , and water . 	151
Summon into action or bring into existence , often as if by magic ; ask for the aid or protection of . 	request earnestly -LRB- something from somebody -RRB- ; ask for aid or protection . 	152
the act of throwing a baseball 	-LRB- baseball -RRB- the act of throwing a baseball by a pitcher to a batter . 	153
Break the skin -LRB- of a body part -RRB- by scraping ; impact something else . 	break the skin -LRB- of a body part -RRB- by scraping . 	154
Allocate or dedicate ; set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use . 	set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use . 	155
-LRB- attempt to -RRB- convince to enroll , join or participate 	register formally as a participant or member . 	156
give a specific interpretation to 	twist and turn so as to give an intended interpretation . 	157
Organize anew , as after a setback ; collect or compose oneself . 	organize anew , as after a setback . 	158
to catch in or as if in a trap ; immobilize 	catch in or as if in a trap . 	159
an exclusive , privileged group of people 	an exclusive group of people . 	160
come into conflict , meet in opposition 	be incompatible ; be or come into conflict . 	161
react , or respond to a call , command , or stimulus 	react to a stimulus or command . 	162
provide with a soundtrack or voiceover 	provide -LRB- movies -RRB- with a soundtrack of a foreign language . 	163
a lever that activates a firing mechanism , especially with a firearm 	lever that activates the firing mechanism of a gun . 	164
Advance ; contribute to the progress or growth of . 	contribute to the progress or growth of . 	165
cause someone 's attention , goals , thought to turn in another direction 	occupy in an agreeable , entertaining or pleasant fashion . 	166
The human act of making something new . 	the event that occurred at the beginning of something . 	167
move or gather in a hive 	move together in a hive or as if in a hive . 	168
rinse one 's mouth with mouthwash , gargle 	rinse one 's mouth and throat with mouthwash . 	169
Provide or equip specifically with furniture . 	provide or equip with furniture . 	170
Make or create something for a specific function . 	make out of components -LRB- often in an improvising manner -RRB- . 	171
lowest employee salary permitted by law 	the lowest wage that an employer is allowed to pay ; determined by contract or by law . 	172
watery rot on produce caused by fungus 	soft watery rot in fruits and vegetables caused by fungi . 	173
room where work or repairs are done 	room where work is done . 	174
Sever or remove by pinching or snipping ; tend by cutting . 	sever or remove by pinching or snipping . 	175
compress out of shape or into small pieces 	become injured , broken , or distorted by pressure . 	176
a single tall stone , e.g. , obelisk or monument 	a single great stone -LRB- often in the form of a column or obelisk -RRB- . 	177
-LRB- cause to -RRB- gradually become weak 	cause to grow thin or weak . 	178
move or execute very quickly or hastily 	run or move very quickly or hastily . 	179
Prove or suggest to be false or incorrect . 	prove to be false or incorrect . 	180
-LRB- cause to -RRB- be overlaid with something 	provide with a covering or cause to be covered . 	181
carry as a backpack , go backpacking 	carry , as on one 's back . 	182
-LRB- Cause to -RRB- separate into constituents , weaken , or destroy specifically by soaking . 	separate into constituents by soaking . 	183
GRATE ON : gnaw into emotionally ; make resentful or angry . 	gnaw into ; make resentful or angry . 	184
glare or strike with intensity 	glare or strike with great intensity . 	185
rightful portion or stake of something 	-LRB- law -RRB- a right or legal share of something ; a financial involvement with something . 	186
Be shiny ; be a physical or metaphorical source of light . 	shine brightly , like a star or a light . 	187
the rotating motion of an object 	rotary motion of an object around its own axis . 	188
a romantic partner , girlfriend or boyfriend 	-LRB- slang -RRB- a person 's girlfriend or boyfriend . 	189
grip , penetrate or tear off with or as if with the teeth or jaws 	to grip , cut off , or tear with or as if with the teeth or jaws . 	190
exceed or surpass , go beyond , be greater than something 	pass by , over , or under without making contact . 	191
the outermost part of a car or truck wheel 	the outer part of a wheel to which the tire is attached . 	192
turn in to get something in exchange 	to turn in -LRB- vouchers or coupons -RRB- and receive something in exchange . 	193
the act of perceiving a scent 	the act of perceiving the odor of something . 	194
relative darkness of a color 	relative darkness or lightness of a color . 	195
express or transform in a new form or language 	change from one form or medium into another . 	196
freshen , to make fresh ; refreshen 	become or make oneself fresh again . 	197
a work area for manufacturing or repair work 	small workplace where handcrafts or manufacturing are done . 	198
fall between two taxonomic groups 	be intermediate between two taxonomic groups . 	199
bubble over with a certain feeling 	overflow with a certain feeling . 	200
scoop up , as if with a ladle 	scoop up by plunging one 's hand or a ladle below the surface . 	201
The action of opposing some other social or military force . 	the military action of resisting the enemy 's advance . 	202
Incline or bend ; changle configuration . 	to incline or bend from a vertical position . 	203
-LRB- cause to -RRB- spray or wet with a spurt of liquid 	wet with a spurt of liquid . 	204
To move -LRB- the head or body -RRB- quickly downwards or away -LRB- from something -RRB- . 	to move -LRB- the head or body -RRB- quickly downwards or away . 	205
a specified portion of a whole 	one of several parts or pieces that fit with others to constitute a whole object . 	206
Join or attach -LRB- as if -RRB- with glue , possibly to cover the surface of an object . 	join or attach with or as if with glue . 	207
move from one location to another 	transfer from one place or period to another . 	208
to make a great mental or physical effort 	make a great effort at a mental or physical task . 	209
FISHING-exhaust by allowing to pull on the line 	exhaust by allowing to pull on the line . 	210
completely use up a resource 	use up the whole supply of . 	211
secure and protect a lifeform , maintain from injury or harm 	maintain in safety from injury , harm , or danger . 	212
a local non-residential college offering two years of courses 	a nonresidential junior college offering a curriculum fitted to the needs of the community . 	213
Throw a glance at ; take a brief look at or examine hastily . 	throw a glance at ; take a brief look at . 	214
an air force military unit , smaller than a squadron 	an air force unit smaller than a squadron . 	215
interfere with someone else 's activity 	destroy the peace or tranquility of . 	216
assign to or arrange into categories 	arrange or order by classes or categories . 	217
Treat a substance with some agent ; add an agent to . 	treat with an agent ; add -LRB- an agent -RRB- to . 	219
build , make by combining materials or parts 	make by combining materials and parts . 	220
make colder , or icy , using ice 	cause to become ice or icy . 	221
provide a seat or base for 	show to a seat ; assign a seat for . 	222
Expose to air as to cool , freshen , or allow to escape . 	expose to cool or cold air so as to cool or freshen . 	223
the act of perpetrating a crime 	the act of committing a crime . 	224
support by placing on or against something solid 	support by placing against something solid or rigid . 	225
not succeed in achieving some abstract thing 	fail to make money in a business ; make a loss or fail to profit . 	226
a pointed instrument for writing , stylus 	a pointed tool for writing or drawing or engraving . 	227
partake or provide a banquet 	partake in a feast or banquet . 	228
a participant who is a beginner in some activity 	any new participant in some activity . 	229
fasten by passing a rope through or around something 	fasten by passing through a hole or around something . 	230
line up or make parallel ; bring into proper adjustment 	place in a line or arrange so as to be parallel or straight . 	231
the act of enumerating or tallying a total 	the act of counting ; reciting numbers in ascending order . 	232
remove substances from a liquid or solution 	remove a constituent from a liquid . 	233
study intensively as if preparing for a test 	study intensively , as before an exam . 	234
decide the amount to be paid on an insurance claim 	decide how much is to be paid on an insurance claim . 	235
bribe , make payments to in exchange for benefits 	obtain by purchase ; acquire by means of a financial transaction . 	236
a detention center for prisoners or drunks 	a cell for violent prisoners . 	237
a small gift or souvenir given to guests at a party 	souvenir consisting of a small gift given to a guest at a party . 	238
Run at a moderately swift pace , as for exercise . 	run at a moderately swift pace . 	239
Oppose or approach , as in hostility or competition 	oppose , as in hostility or a competition . 	240
the techniques and principles of artistic composition using paints 	creating a picture with paints . 	241
owned territory of a sovereign government 	the territory occupied by a nation . 	242
-LRB- Cause to -RRB- change from a gas to a liquid . 	cause a gas or vapor to change into a liquid . 	243
an operation that groups items according to specific criteria 	an operation that segregates items into groups according to a specified criterion . 	244
Force to go away by blinking one eye . 	force to go away by blinking . 	245
the tactile -LRB- touch -RRB- quality something has 	the sensation produced by pressure receptors in the skin . 	246
Manipulate or move something in order to operate . 	cause to go on or to be engaged or set in operation . 	247
drag loosely along a surface , trail 	drag loosely along a surface ; allow to sweep the ground . 	248
Influence or control skillfully and often deviously . 	influence or control shrewdly or deviously . 	249
Cause to be perplexed or mentally confounded . 	cause to be perplexed or confounded . 	250
symbolize , serve as an example of 	serve as a means of expressing something . 	251
the activity of removing a resource 	the act of decreasing something markedly . 	252
pass -LRB- a thread -RRB- through or into , on or as if on a string 	thread on or as if on a string . 	253
changing one thing for another 	the act of changing one thing for another thing . 	254
lack of agreement , not harmonious 	lack of agreement or harmony . 	255
build , make by combining materials or parts 	put together out of artificial or natural components or parts . 	256
the act or capability of seeing 	the act of looking or seeing or observing . 	257
an assertion offered as evidence , a line of reasoning 	a fact or assertion offered as evidence that something is true . 	258
stain with a dirty substance 	stain with a dirty substance , such as soot . 	259
Appoint , ordain to a clerical post 	appoint to a clerical posts . 	260
expect , predict , or forsee something in the future 	make a prediction about ; tell in advance . 	261
state or explain the meaning 	give a definition for the meaning of a word . 	262
immerse briefly into liquid or container 	immerse briefly into a liquid so as to wet , coat , or saturate . 	263
A contract granting use or occupation of property under certain terms or conditions . 	a contract granting use or occupation of property during a specified time for a specified payment . 	264
pass or put a vessel through a lock in a waterway 	pass by means through a lock in a waterway . 	265
cause to assume a condition 	put into a certain state ; cause to be in a certain state . 	266
the inclusion of all members of mathematical sets 	a set containing all and only the members of two or more given sets . 	267
drench periodically with liquid while cooking 	cover with liquid before cooking . 	268
Raise to a higher energy level -LRB- as in physics -RRB- 	raise to a higher energy level . 	269
make certain the failure or destruction of ; destine 	make certain of the failure or destruction of . 	270
function in a particular manner when moving 	have certain properties when driven . 	271
a set of pieces of creative work for showing 	a set of pieces of creative work collected to be shown to potential customers or employers . 	272
a person who takes pictures , often a professional 	someone who takes photographs professionally . 	273
Come into existence ; reveal its presence or make an apprearance . 	reveal its presence or make an appearance . 	274
Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding . 	reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading . 	275
discern , identify , or know because of a previous experience 	exhibit recognition for -LRB- an antigen or a substrate -RRB- . 	276
perform or supervise a ritual 	perform -LRB- a church sacrament -RRB- ritually . 	277
An object impairs the respiration of someone or something . 	impair the respiration of or obstruct the air passage of . 	278
the close approach of one object to another 	the motion of one object relative to another . 	279
act in accordance with rules , commands , or wishes 	act in accordance with someone 's rules , commands , or wishes . 	280
cost or monetary value of goods or services 	the high value or worth of something . 	281
a functioning unit of a larger political organization , a cadre 	a small unit serving as part of or as the nucleus of a larger political movement . 	282
Involve as a necessary accompaniment or result ; have as a logical consequence . 	impose , involve , or imply as a necessary accompaniment or result . 	283
regard with consideration or respect 	regard or treat with consideration , respect , and esteem . 	284
the act of lifting something 	the act of raising something . 	285
Lie at an angle ; bend along a path . 	to incline or bend from a vertical position . 	286
hinder or conceal the progress or occurrence of 	prevent the progress or free movement of . 	287
The act of coming to rest after a voyage . 	the act of coming down to the earth -LRB- or other surface -RRB- . 	288
Put down by force or authority ; come down on or keep down by unjust use of authority . 	come down on or keep down by unjust use of one 's authority . 	289
remove facial hair by tying a fine string around it and pulling 	remove facial hair by tying a fine string around it and pulling at the string . 	290
manage , handle , or control something 	direct the course of ; manage or control . 	291
physical force that draws objects together 	the force by which one object attracts another . 	292
deal with according to routine or procedure 	deal with in a routine way . 	293
Enclose in a protective covering . 	cover with a protective sheathing . 	294
reverse a direction , attitude or course of action , perhaps perceptually . 	reverse -LRB- a direction , attitude , or course of action -RRB- . 	295
a fixed entrance fee to a club or venue 	a fixed charge by a restaurant or nightclub over and above the charge for food and drink . 	296
the act of allowing , bestowing something 	the act of providing a subsidy . 	297
Draw in and expel air through lungs . 	draw air into , and expel out of , the lungs . 	298
starting page of a website 	the opening page of a web site . 	299
-LRB- Baseball -RRB- Tag the base runner to get him out . 	tag the base runner to get him out . 	300
-LRB- cause to -RRB- move abruptly , often making a short , sharp sound 	close with a snapping motion . 	301
people assembled together in a rhythmic movement 	a party of people assembled for dancing . 	302
a conveyance or transporter , often wheeled 	a conveyance that transports people or objects . 	303
365 days from January 1 to December 31 , the Gregorian calendar 	the year -LRB- reckoned from January 1 to December 31 -RRB- according to Gregorian calendar . 	304
Apply conditioner to make smooth and shiny . 	apply conditioner to in order to make smooth and shiny . 	305
a vote , a public and legal choosing of officials 	a vote to select the winner of a position or political office . 	306
approach a certain measurement , whether of age , speed , temperature , etc. . 	approach a certain age or speed . 	307
to fill with coal or oil 	fill -LRB- a ship 's bunker -RRB- with coal or oil . 	308
assign to a particular task 	assign to a specific task . 	309
leave isolated with little hope of rescue 	leave stranded or isolated with little hope of rescue . 	310
an organism infected with another parasitic organism or pathogen 	an animal or plant that nourishes and supports a parasite ; it does not benefit and is often harmed by the association . 	311
make coincide in time or operation 	make synchronous and adjust in time or manner . 	312
confine in or as if in a prison 	lock up or confine , in or as in a jail . 	313
the forceful exhalation of air from nose or mouth 	forceful exhalation through the nose or mouth . 	314
a social system of production , distribution and consumption 	the system of production and distribution and consumption . 	315
keep something intact , maintain unchanged condition 	keep in safety and protect from harm , decay , loss , or destruction . 	316
a result or outcome of a previous cause or condition 	the outcome of an event especially as relative to an individual . 	317
regard something likely or reasonable to happen 	regard something as probable or likely . 	318
an increase in size as measured per unit of time 	the rate of increase in size per unit time . 	319
have a great affection , liking , or desire for 	have a great affection or liking for . 	320
keep something or someone under control ; stop something from happening 	stop for a moment , as if out of uncertainty or caution . 	321
Find out or determine , perhaps after a calculation or investigation . 	find out , learn , or determine with certainty , usually by making an inquiry or other effort . 	322
Something that serves to suggest a certain fact . 	something that serves to indicate or suggest . 	323
A fee levied for the use of roads or bridges . 	a fee levied for the use of roads or bridges -LRB- used for maintenance -RRB- . 	324
Obtain from a storage device , as of information on a computer . 	obtain or retrieve from a storage device ; as of information on a computer . 	325
repeat ; reestablish or begin again 	reestablish on a new , usually improved , basis or make new or like new . 	326
Improve or perfect by polishing , pruning , or making more concise . 	improve or perfect by pruning or polishing . 	328
signify or mean to express or convey 	mean or intend to express or convey . 	329
Strike heavily , especially with a fist or implement . 	strike heavily , especially with the fist or a bat . 	330
a self-propelled projectile driven by self-contained propellant 	any vehicle self-propelled by a rocket engine . 	331
Break open or apart suddenly and forcefully ; separate or cause to separate ; go to pieces . 	separate or cause to separate abruptly . 	332
cause to match -LRB- ideas or acts -RRB- ; be compatible 	cause to match , as of ideas or acts . 	333
-LRB- Cause to -RRB- be firmly attached or closed . 	cause to be firmly attached . 	334
a chart or map showing the dimensions , movements or progress of something 	a chart or map showing the movements or progress of an object . 	335
Identify , establish location or identity 	recognize as being ; establish the identity of someone or something . 	336
put or set into , between or among 	put or introduce into something . 	337
a person or thing in the role of being a replacement for something else 	a person or thing that takes or can take the place of another . 	338
division of a university that offers degrees beyond bachelor 's degree 	a school in a university offering study leading to degrees beyond the bachelor 's degree . 	339
Subsist on a meager allowance or supply . 	subsist on a meager allowance . 	340
provide , raise , or supply funds to 	obtain or provide money for . 	341
an official with responsibility to supervise some domain of social activity 	an official responsible for control and supervision of a particular activity or area of public interest . 	342
The act of creating written works . 	the activity of putting something in written form . 	343
take or capture by force or authority 	take or capture by force . 	344
Go after with the intent to follow or catch . 	go after with the intent to catch . 	345
an official campaign against a perceived societal harm 	a concerted campaign to end something that is injurious . 	346
Remove feathers , pits , shells , skin , husks 	remove shells or husks from . 	347
aggressive willingness to battle , pugnaciousness 	an aggressive willingness to compete . 	348
Pat or squeeze , especially under the chin . 	pat or squeeze fondly or playfully , especially under the chin . 	349
give a neat appearance to , neaten 	give a neat appearance to . 	350
the spatial , geometric contour of an object 	the set of elements common to two or more sets . 	351
the physiological activation of an organism or organ 	resist immunologically the introduction of some foreign tissue or organ . 	352
supporter , advocate of something or someone 	the act of hiring something or someone . 	353
make up something fictional or untrue 	make up something artificial or untrue . 	354
regulate or set the time of -LRB- a clock -RRB- 	billow up in the form of a cloud . 	355
the act of substituting one thing for another 	the act of testing something . 	356
the foremost part of something 	the first part or section of something . 	357
the state of being in contact 	the state of being active . 	358
measure the time or duration of 	make weak by stunting the growth or development of . 	359
Create an electrical short in something . 	the act of stopping something . 	360
Move or cause to move with a sudden , jerky movement . 	pull , or move with a sudden movement . 	361
the concluding section of a communication 	the last section of a communication . 	362
final stage of an event or activity 	make a retreat from an earlier commitment or activity . 	363
the act of governing , administrating 	the act of liberating someone or something . 	364
the act of moving , turning something 	the act of retaining something . 	365
the state of being retained 	the state of being angry . 	366
hold in a given state or situation 	create and charge with a task or function . 	367
the act of putting a preparation on something . 	the management of someone or something . 	368
Soak up -LRB- as if -RRB- with a sponge . 	hurl as if with a sling . 	369
register formally as a participant 	register formally as a participant or member . 	370
The act of creating written works . 	an act of delaying or interrupting the continuity . 	371
the state of having options , alternatives 	the act of admitting someone to enter . 	372
the activity of examining or assessing something 	the act of retaining something . 	373
the act of forecasting or predicting something 	the act of decreasing or reducing something . 	374
the act of concealing or disguising 	the state of inactivity following an interruption . 	375
the act of providing help or aid to someone 	the act of looking or seeing or observing . 	376
the state of being retained 	the trait of being well behaved . 	377
Provide sexual gratification through oral stimulation . 	get sexual gratification through self-stimulation . 	378
act or do something in reaction to something 	the remains of something that has been destroyed or broken up . 	379
the quality of being useful for something 	the act of changing one thing for another thing . 	380
protect with or as if with a shield 	separate with or as if with an instrument . 	381
Declare invalid ; take away the legal force of or render ineffective . 	take away the legal force of or render ineffective . 	382
bind somebody or become bound emotionally 	be in some specified state or condition . 	383
assimilate into the mind or a situation 	lift and reset in another soil or situation . 	384
The human act of making something new . 	the speech act of making something evident . 	385
put up with something unpleasant 	put up with something or somebody unpleasant . 	386
the manner in which something or someon functions or operates 	the act of forcing something out by squeezing or pressing . 	387
location sheltered from the wind 	a portion removed from the whole . 	388
the act of choosing or selecting 	the act of looking or seeing or observing . 	389
Move or cause to move with a sudden , jerky movement . 	move or cause to move with a sudden jerky motion . 	390
the act of intentionally omitting something 	have flavor ; taste of something . 	391
the noise of something rapping against a surface 	the act of applying paint to a surface . 	392
-LRB- Cause to -RRB- form a cluster in either abstract or physical space . 	cause to have , in the abstract sense or physical sense . 	393
incline from a vertical position 	to incline or bend from a vertical position . 	394
the act of moving , turning something 	the act of passing from one state or place to the next . 	395
make an incision or separation 	take measures in preparation for . 	396
an established linear path of travel 	an established line of travel or access . 	397
behave in a certain way , usu . joyful 	behave in a certain way . 	398
make purer , more intense , as by removal of extraneous elements 	make dirty or spotty , as by exposure to air ; also used metaphorically . 	399
the spatial , geometric contour of an object 	the speech act of objecting . 	400
a physical difficulty or obstacle 	get despite difficulties or obstacles . 	401
ABIDE BY : act in accordance with rules , commands , or wishes . 	act in accordance with someone 's rules , commands , or wishes . 	402
want , desire or perfer to do something 	a disagreement or argument about something important . 	403
look at or observe something or someone 	the visual appearance of something or someone . 	404
the nature , makeup or constitution of something 	change the nature , purpose , or function of something . 	405
make sense of , give meaning to 	make sense of ; assign a meaning to . 	406
move , transfer or carry something or someone 	a means or agency by which something is expressed or communicated . 	407
the state of being retained 	the state of being in effect or being operative . 	408
the act of providing help or aid to someone 	the act of perceiving the odor of something . 	409
FARM OUT : arrange for contracted work to be done by others . 	arranged for contracted work to be done by others . 	410
Fasten -LRB- as if -RRB- with a rivet or rivets . 	create and charge with a task or function . 	411
cause to be immersed in 	cause to be firmly attached . 	412
the act of moving , turning something 	the act of describing something . 	413
build , make by combining materials or parts 	make by combining materials and parts . 	414
-LRB- cause to -RRB- happen at a later time 	where you live at a particular time . 	415
the act of preserving or protecting something 	the act of colliding with something . 	416
the act of preserving or protecting something 	the act of rejecting something . 	417
-LRB- Cause to -RRB- become less tense ; rest or take one 's ease . 	become less tense , rest , or take one 's ease . 	418
the act of arriving at a certain place 	the occurrence of a uniting of separate parts . 	419
the act of grasping into one 's arms 	the trait of wasting resources . 	420
a state of being encircled 	the state of being excommunicated . 	421
incline from a vertical position 	to incline or bend from a vertical position . 	422
-LRB- cause to -RRB- be overcome with sudden fears 	to bring or combine together or with something else . 	423
leave undone or leave out 	terminate , end , or take out . 	424
changing one thing for another 	the act of changing one thing or position for another . 	425
Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding . 	reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading . 	426
put into or keep in a stall 	bring into a different state . 	427
The appropriate or desirable thing . 	the upper part of anything . 	428
the act of concealing or disguising 	the act of clipping or snipping . 	429
a visual characterization of something 	a visual representation of something . 	430
physically grapple with an opponent 	an exclusive circle of people with a common purpose . 	431
the scent or odor of something 	the act of applying force to propel something . 	432
The human act of making something new . 	the act of breaking something . 	433
-LRB- cause to -RRB- separate or move in different directions 	to cause to separate and go in different directions . 	434
a state or act of gaining pleasure 	the act of spending or disbursing money . 	435
Change the meaning of -LRB- someone 's -RRB- words with intent to deceive . 	make a copy of with the intent to deceive . 	436
the act of preserving or protecting something 	the act of testing something . 	437
put up with something unpleasant 	put up with something or somebody unpleasant . 	438
the act of appraising , critiquing something 	the act of catching an object with the hands . 	439
-LRB- cause to -RRB- appear suddenly or briefly 	cause to happen or be responsible for . 	440
take action or behave in a certain way 	compel to behave in a certain way . 	441
the state of being retained 	the state of being active . 	442
An instance or action of being incorrect . 	show consideration for ; take into account . 	443
the act of expressing approval , support of something 	the act of decreasing something markedly . 	444
the act of putting something to use . 	the activity of protecting something from loss or danger . 	445
Discourage or frighten with threats or a domineering manner ; intimidate ; be bossy towards someone . 	discourage or frighten with threats or a domineering manner ; intimidate . 	446
sacrifice or toll required to achieve something 	an appraisal of the value of something . 	447
the act of advocating or promoting something 	the act of taking of a person by force . 	448
the state of being employed 	the state of being excommunicated . 	449
the quality of being useful for something 	the quality of not being useful or convenient . 	450
a person who memorizes or learns quickly 	a person who joins with others in some activity or endeavor . 	451
the state of having one 's weight supported 	the state of being connected . 	452
the act of forecasting or predicting something 	the act of raising something . 	453
give a detailed account of 	narrate or give a detailed account of . 	454
An exciting or stimulating experience . 	the act of constructing something . 	455
the act of forecasting or predicting something 	the act of climbing something . 	456
the act of providing incentive to someone 	the act of damaging something or someone . 	457
the act of putting something to use . 	the act of testing something . 	458
the root or base form of a word 	the removal of an opponent 's piece from the chess board . 	459
be or come into conflict 	originate or come into being . 	460
make or become more acute or intense 	make or become more narrow or restricted . 	461
Move or arrange oneself -LRB- oneselves -RRB- in a comfortable and cozy position . 	move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position . 	462
Literally cause to become unable to see . 	bind by an obligation ; cause to be indebted . 	463
attract ; cause to be enamored by -LRB- one 's -RRB- nature . 	matter that has been deposited by some natural process . 	464
visual representation sketched by hand 	a visual representation of something . 	465
a person who is a member of the senate 	a person who is a member of a partnership . 	466
Cover or back with foil . 	communicate or signal with a flag . 	467
The state of being pleased with life . 	the state of being joined or united or linked . 	468
look at or observe something or someone 	the act of hiring something or someone . 	469
give a neat appearance to , neaten 	give a neat appearance to . 	470
an abundance or profusion of something 	place under suspicion or cast doubt upon . 	471
request or demand a response from someone ; challenge someone 	make a request or demand for something to somebody . 	472
the act of moving , turning something 	the act of making up your mind about something . 	473
the state of being employed 	the state of being depleted . 	474
set forth as an introduction or preface 	stir the feelings , emotions , or peace of . 	475
the act of concealing or disguising 	the act of providing a subsidy . 	476
The act of beginning something new . 	the act of rejecting something . 	477
-LRB- cause to -RRB- separate or move in different directions 	to cause to separate and go in different directions . 	478
live in the bushes as a fugitive or guerilla 	declare in the capacity of an umpire or referee . 	479
The act of purchasing back something previously sold . 	the act of damaging something or someone . 	480
Bring , lead , or force to abandon an evil path or lifestyle and adopt a right course of action . 	bring , lead , or force to abandon a wrong or evil course of life , conduct , and adopt a right one . 	481
-LRB- Cause to -RRB- run at a moderately swift pace . 	run at a moderately swift pace . 	482
-LRB- cause to -RRB- meet or intersect 	cause to make a snapping sound . 	483
settle or deal with something 	put or introduce into something . 	484
cause to turn from one course or use to another 	send from one person or place to another . 	485
search -LRB- as the bottom of a body of water -RRB- for something 	search -LRB- as the bottom of a body of water -RRB- for something valuable or lost . 	486
realize and regret the absence of something or somebody 	a restraint that checks the motion of something . 	487
Follow one 's own or another 's path 	go one 's own way ; move apart . 	488
the state of being in contact 	the state or fact of being an owner . 	489
the act or means of getting rid of something . 	the act of removing or getting rid of something . 	490
set forth as an introduction or preface 	set or ask for a certain price . 	491
severance from a social connection or tie 	free from obligations or duties . 	492
The human act of making something new . 	the speech act of making something evident . 	493
the state of being retained 	the state of being rejected . 	494
An instance or action of being incorrect . 	the space where a division or parting occurs . 	495
DELIVER THE GOODS : attain success , reach a goal 	attain success or reach a desired goal . 	496
the act of harming or hurting someone 	the act of damaging something or someone . 	497
give a detailed account of 	narrate or give a detailed account of . 	498
the pulsation of the heart 	piece -LRB- something old -RRB- with a new part . 	499
behave or move in a certain manner 	be worthy of or have a certain rating . 	500
move or execute very quickly or hastily 	run or move very quickly or hastily . 	501
infer or believe to be the case 	believe to be the case . 	502
a border or boundary of an object 	plan , organize , and carry out -LRB- an event -RRB- . 	503
the act of providing incentive to someone 	the act of losing someone or something . 	504
The act of beginning something new . 	the act of decreasing something markedly . 	505
administer or bestow , as portions 	administer or bestow , as in small portions . 	506
Entreat ; ask for some information or action . 	the act of passing something to another person . 	507
The act of indicating or pointing out by name . 	the act of spending or disbursing money . 	508
The act of beginning something new . 	the act of stopping something . 	509
move from one location to another 	move from one place to another . 	510
set forth as an introduction or preface 	expose to cool or cold air so as to cool or freshen . 	511
the action of placing or situating an object 	the act of choosing or selecting . 	512
the act of putting a preparation on something . 	the act of breaking something . 	513
the state of being retained 	the state of being connected . 	514
a consequence , outcome or result of something 	have a disagreement over something . 	515
the act of confining , preventing or blocking something 	the act of changing one thing for another thing . 	516
the act of preserving or protecting something 	the act of applying force to propel something . 	517
lessen in force , impact , or effect 	lessen in force or effect . 	518
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault 	come into the possession of something concrete or abstract . 	519
a rationale or reason for something 	a relation that provides the foundation for something . 	520
request or demand something from someone 	the act of damaging something or someone . 	521
register formally as a participant 	register formally as a participant or member . 	522
the act of turning , rotating an object 	the trait of wasting resources . 	523
defining , distinctive form or shape of something 	a prominent attribute or aspect of something . 	524
RUN AGROUND -- -LRB- cause to -RRB- come to the ground 	cause to come to the ground . 	525
Expel or eject -LRB- saliva , phlegm , sputum , or vomit -RRB- from the mouth . 	expel or eject -LRB- saliva or phlegm or sputum -RRB- from the mouth . 	526
an aggregation of things or people 	the visual appearance of something or someone . 	527
trace the form or outline of 	change the arrangement or position of . 	528
the act of preserving or protecting something 	the act of affirming or asserting or stating something . 	529
the act of preserving or protecting something 	the act of decreasing or reducing something . 	530
Manipulate or move something in order to operate . 	act or move at high speed . 	531
the process of becoming less or smaller 	the bodily process of discharging waste matter . 	532
the state of being retained 	the state of being actual or real . 	533
Rise or heave upward under a natural force such as a wave . 	rise or heave upward under the influence of a natural force such as a wave . 	534
make a proposal or overtures to with a specific end in view 	make a channel for ; provide with a channel . 	535
the activity of examining or assessing something 	the act of spending or disbursing money . 	536
combine so as to form a more complex product 	combine so as to form a whole ; mix . 	537
Understand the meaning of something . 	get the meaning of something . 	538
the flavor quality of something 	a relatively long narrow piece of something . 	539
estimate or calculate the numerical value of something 	observe or plot the moving path of something . 	540
put in a dangerous position 	put in a horizontal position . 	541
a store or supply of something 	a large or extra supply of something . 	542
Understand the meaning of something . 	organize -LRB- the production of something -RRB- into an industry . 	543
an allotment or percentage of something 	an appraisal of the value of something . 	544
the act of concealing or disguising 	the act of exploding or bursting . 	545
give a deceptive explanation for ; cover up 	give a deceptive explanation or excuse for . 	546
take legal action against , as in court 	tie or fasten into a knot . 	547
The act of searching for or buying goods or services . 	the act of branching out or dividing into branches . 	548
bring to a certain pressure 	bring to a certain spiritual state . 	549
penetrate or cut with a sharp instrument 	penetrate or cut through with a sharp instrument . 	550
-LRB- Cause to -RRB- run at a moderately swift pace . 	cause bodily suffering to and make sick or indisposed . 	551
the way something conforms to a shape 	how something is done or how it happens . 	552
realize and regret the absence of something or somebody 	a judgment of the qualities of something or somebody . 	553
Make receptive or willing toward an action or belief . 	make receptive or willing towards an action or attitude or belief . 	554
an agent or company that insures something 	an energetic attempt to achieve something . 	555
the event of proposing or volunteering something 	the act of rejecting something . 	556
remove from a place or from office 	remove from a contest or race . 	557
-LRB- Cause to -RRB- become less tense ; rest or take one 's ease . 	become less tense , rest , or take one 's ease . 	558
free -LRB- from restraint -RRB- , let loose 	a loud resonant repeating noise . 	559
the act of turning , rotating an object 	the act of troubling or annoying someone . 	560
remove to or from a place or situation 	remove or force out from a position . 	561
The act of beginning something new . 	the act of breaking something . 	562
the quality of heightened light on areas of an object 	the activity of protecting someone or something . 	563
act of moving or conveying something 	the act of decreasing or reducing something . 	564
the act of preserving or protecting something 	the activity of supplying or providing something . 	565
the act of putting something to use . 	the act of testing something . 	566
draw a cross in the air over something 	get the meaning of something . 	567
the act of forcibly taking the opposition 	the act of forcing the enemy to withdraw . 	568
the act of choosing or selecting 	the act of winding or twisting . 	569
Provoke someone to do something through -LRB- often exaggerated or false -RRB- promises or persuasion . 	provoke someone to do something through -LRB- often false or exaggerated -RRB- promises or persuasion . 	570
Refuse to recognize something as valid -LRB- not a person -RRB- . 	the power to use something or someone . 	571
an indication of something , evidence 	the disclosure of something secret . 	572
the act of improving something 's quality 	the act of starting something . 	573
create a new entity by putting components or members together 	create by putting components or members together . 	574
small metal plate on toe of a dancing shoe 	something that floats on the surface of water . 	575
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault 	the act of putting something in working order again . 	576
the state of being in contact 	the state of being excluded . 	577
Amount that can be contained 	the amount that can be contained . 	578
collection of names and addresses to serve as recipients of information content 	the part of the general public interested in a source of information or entertainment . 	579
turn , twist or fasten -LRB- as if -RRB- with a screw 	take out or up with or as if with a scoop . 	580
the act of forecasting or predicting something 	the act of projecting out from something . 	581
become or cause to become obstructed 	become or cause to become soft or liquid . 	582
have the financial means to obtain , buy , or do something 	the enclosing frame around a door or window opening . 	583
the act of forcibly taking the opposition 	the act of cracking something . 	584
The human act of making something new . 	the act of raising something . 	585
put up with something unpleasant 	put up with something or somebody unpleasant . 	586
-LRB- cause to -RRB- happen at a later time 	cause to skip over a surface . 	587
a small , indefinite portion of something 	lumber used in the construction of something . 	588
be given to , come into the possession of 	come into the possession of . 	589
put up with something unpleasant 	put up with something or somebody unpleasant . 	590
Make a crushing noise , possibly as the result of pressing or grinding . 	have a range ; be capable of projecting over a certain distance , as of a gun . 	591
place or lay as if in a pile 	enclose in or as if in a frame . 	592
the act of rubbing a surface 	the act of applying paint to a surface . 	593
Move or arrange oneself -LRB- oneselves -RRB- in a comfortable and cozy position . 	move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position . 	594
Refuse to recognize something as valid -LRB- not a person -RRB- . 	the speech act of making something evident . 	595
the act of confining , preventing or blocking something 	the act of referring or consulting . 	596
the act of choosing or selecting 	the act of starting something . 	597
the act of putting something to use . 	the act of putting something somewhere . 	598
meet or encounter on social or professional capacity 	get or extort -LRB- money or other possessions -RRB- from someone . 	599
the context or setting in which something takes place 	the act of starting something . 	600
the state of being retained 	the act of breaking something . 	601
Advance ; contribute to the progress or growth of . 	contribute to the progress or growth of . 	602
cause or become accessible state , make or become available 	cause to experience or suffer or make liable or vulnerable to . 	603
remove from a place or from office 	remove from memory or existence . 	604
the act of preserving or protecting something 	the act of raising something . 	605
get or find back ; recover 	get or find back ; recover the use of . 	606
regard something likely or reasonable to happen 	change toward something smaller or lower . 	607
An object impairs the respiration of someone or something . 	an advantage to the benefit of someone or something . 	608
carry out or complete an activity 	carry out or perform an action . 	609
Droop , sink , or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness ; become less intense . 	droop , sink , or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness . 	610
cause to turn from one course or use to another 	cause -LRB- a liquid -RRB- to leach or percolate . 	611
-LRB- cause to -RRB- appear suddenly or briefly 	cause to appear in a new form . 	612
the act of harming or hurting someone 	the act of drawing or hauling something . 	613
the act of moving , turning something 	the act of constructing something . 	614
the act of preserving or protecting something 	draw up an outline or sketch for something . 	615
-LRB- cause to -RRB- come apart , separate , or split 	cause to be agitated , excited , or roused . 	616
remove from a place or from office 	remove from a contest or race . 	617
give a detailed account of 	narrate or give a detailed account of . 	618
the act of flipping an object into the air 	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something . 	619
the act of preserving or protecting something 	the act of choosing or selecting . 	620
the act of protesting , dissenting 	the act of breaking something . 	621
the activity of pretending to be someone or something else 	the activity of protecting someone or something . 	622
make an image or sound clearer ; put into focus 	make a mess of or create disorder in . 	623
the act of turning , rotating an object 	the act of catching an object with the hands . 	624
the act of appraising , critiquing something 	the act of decreasing or reducing something . 	625
-LRB- Cause to -RRB- run at a moderately swift pace . 	run at a moderately swift pace . 	626
pass time in a particular place or way 	assign a new time and place for an event . 	627
-LRB- Cause to -RRB- be covered with something . 	give someone credit for something . 	628
-LRB- The act of making -RRB- a measurement of something . 	the state of being unsure of something . 	629
write all the required information 	write all the required information onto a form . 	630
abrupt state of disbelief about something 	the act of choosing or selecting . 	631
the act of concealing or disguising 	the act of forming or establishing something . 	632
the cause or instigation of something 	the end or completion of something . 	633
Lose clarity or turn aside , especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument . 	lose clarity or turn aside especially from the main subject of attention or course of argument in writing , thinking , or speaking . 	634
a context or situation that hinders or impedes 	a negative aspect of something that is generally positive . 	635
Create an electrical short in something . 	have an argument about something . 	636
Have a complexion with a strong bright color ; reflect emotion via one 's complexion . 	have a complexion with a strong bright color , such as red or pink . 	637
ascribe or place in association with 	be or act in association with . 	638
A plant structure near the top of the plant . 	a strong current of air . 	639
the act of rubbing a surface 	the act of giving temporary assistance . 	640
the act of forecasting or predicting something 	the act of starting something . 	641
Amount that can be contained 	the amount that can be contained . 	642
rounded end of a bone 	put in the mind of someone . 	643
the action of placing or situating an object 	the condition of living or the state of being alive . 	644
the act of harming or hurting someone 	the act of hindering or obstructing or impeding . 	645
administer or bestow , as portions 	administer or bestow , as in small portions . 	646
the assertion of a proposition offered as true 	the action of opposing something that you disapprove or disagree with . 	647
the act of entering a structure 	the state of being actual or real . 	648
the act of preserving or protecting something 	the act of ending something . 	649
An area that is central within some larger region . 	an area that is approximately central within some larger region . 	650
reduce the price of something 	the rate of some repeating event . 	651
An instance or action of being incorrect . 	the status or fact of being elected . 	652
the state of being in working order 	the state of being actual or real . 	653
the state of being retained 	the state of being connected . 	654
the action of placing or situating an object 	a formation of people or things one beside another . 	655
the act of conscripting soldiers for an army 	the act of competing as for profit or a prize . 	656
the act of forecasting or predicting something 	the act of stopping something . 	657
the state of being employed 	the state of being excluded . 	658
have in mind as a plan or purpose 	wipe with a sponge , so as to clean or moisten . 	659
the act of protesting , dissenting 	the act of hitting vigorously . 	660
class of students taught together 	a body of students who are taught together . 	661
Advance ; contribute to the progress or growth of . 	contribute to the progress or growth of . 	662
Put in motion or move to act ; make active or more active . 	something serving as a cover or protection . 	663
the act of cutting off length , snipping off 	the act of making or enacting laws . 	664
the act of moving , turning something 	the act of climbing something . 	665
-LRB- cause to -RRB- separate or move in different directions 	to cause to separate and go in different directions . 	666
cover with a primer base 	move with a thrashing motion . 	667
the state of having options , alternatives 	the act of coming to land after a voyage . 	668
the act of preserving or protecting something 	the act of perceiving the odor of something . 	669
behave or move in a certain manner 	behave in a certain manner . 	670
the essence or gist of something 	the disadvantage that results from losing something . 	671
cause to be immersed in 	cause to be interested or curious . 	673
a type of military aircraft 	a unit of military aircraft . 	674
pass into by penetrating or permeating 	the act of breaking something . 	675
a boundary area or edge of something 	a concentrated example of something . 	676
the activity of examining or assessing something 	the act of designating or identifying something . 	677
The act of beginning something new . 	the act of ending something . 	678
the quality of heightened light on areas of an object 	the date on which an obligation must be repaid . 	679
unite ; merge with something already in existence 	put up with something or somebody unpleasant . 	680
the act of moving , turning something 	the act of removing or getting rid of something . 	681
the state of being retained 	the state of being suspected . 	682
the act of governing , administrating 	the rate of moving -LRB- especially walking or running -RRB- . 	683
the quality of being useful for something 	the act of making up your mind about something . 	684
the act of choosing or selecting 	the act of raising something . 	685
be in direct physical contact with 	be in direct physical contact with ; make contact . 	686
the place within which an authority has power 	the act of adding one thing to another . 	687
the foremost part of something 	the greatest possible degree of something . 	688
mark or cover with or as if with dots 	cover with or as if with a cloak . 	689
the act of putting something to use . 	the act of starting something . 	690
Vomit , either in a controlled or uncontrolled fashion . 	something copied or derived from an original . 	691
the act of putting a preparation on something . 	the general outward appearance of something . 	692
the act of advocating or promoting something 	the act of raising something . 	693
-LRB- cause to -RRB- separate or move in different directions 	to cause to separate and go in different directions . 	694
the act of putting something to use . 	the path followed by an object moving through space . 	695
a spatial terminus or farthest boundary of something 	a relation that provides the foundation for something . 	696
the act of substituting one thing for another 	the act of contacting one thing with another . 	697
the act of preserving or protecting something 	the act of decreasing or reducing something . 	698
the act of concealing or disguising 	the state of being excluded . 	699
the act of applying paint to a surface 	the act of flipping a coin . 	700
behave or move in a certain manner 	behave in a certain way . 	701
Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding . 	reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading . 	702
the act of concealing or disguising 	the act of freeing a city or town that has been besieged . 	703
Put on cream , as on one 's face or body . 	carry , as on one 's back . 	704
supporter , advocate of something or someone 	the visual appearance of something or someone . 	705
Advance ; contribute to the progress or growth of . 	contribute to the progress or growth of . 	706
Wear or display , as in a facet of something or an article of clothing . 	a consequence of someone 's efforts or of a particular set of circumstances . 	707
move into and stay in a particular position 	concentrate on a particular place or spot . 	708
-LRB- cause to -RRB- move back and forth or side to side 	move back and forth or sideways . 	709
Sell something to or obtain something from by underhanded activity . 	sell something to or obtain something from by energetic and especially underhanded activity . 	710
state of being unclothed , naked 	the act of climbing something . 	711
the noise of something rapping against a surface 	the event of something burning -LRB- often destructive -RRB- . 	712
the act of forecasting or predicting something 	the act of retaining something . 	713
Supply with water for crops , as with channels , ditches , or streams . 	supply with water , as with channels or ditches or streams . 	714
snatching or capturing a freely moving object 	searching for or buying goods or services . 	715
-LRB- Cause to -RRB- become widely distributed . 	become or cause to become obstructed . 	716
The human act of making something new . 	the speech act of making something evident . 	717
trace the form or outline of 	show the form or outline of . 	718
Hollow out in the form of a furrow or groove . 	move through with or as if with a rake . 	719
The act of purchasing back something previously sold . 	the act of explaining ; making something plain or intelligible . 	720
the activity of examining or assessing something 	the act of forming or establishing something . 	721
Complain ; talk in a tearful manner . 	talk in a tearful manner . 	722
exist in a certain manner , mode , or style 	the last or lowest in an ordering or series . 	723
the act of harming or hurting someone 	the act of choosing or selecting . 	724
glean or gather natural products 	gather , as of natural products . 	725
put up with something unpleasant 	put up with something or somebody unpleasant . 	726
Saturate or inocculate with a substance . 	make a mark or lines on a surface . 	727
the act of turning , rotating an object 	the act of adding one thing to another . 	728
make tracks on a surface 	make a mark or lines on a surface . 	729
the act of putting something to use . 	the act of hiring something or someone . 	730
the identification or the realization of something 	the time period that is considered best for starting or finishing something . 	731
to make ready , fit out 	make ready for action or use . 	732
the act of intentionally omitting something 	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something . 	733
the act of substituting one thing for another 	the act of adding one thing to another . 	734
Cause to move forward with force . 	vary or move from a fixed point or course . 	735
the manner in which something or someon functions or operates 	the amount by which something decreases . 	736
injure by turning or rotating 	move by turning over or rotating . 	737
the act of forecasting or predicting something 	the act of decreasing or reducing something . 	738
cause to be in a state or location 	put into a certain place or abstract location . 	739
protect with or as if with a shield 	maintain with or as if with a bet . 	740
The human act of making something new . 	the act of raising something . 	741
the concluding section of a communication 	the last section of a communication . 	742
the crown of a flowering plant 	the reduction of something 's value or worth . 	743
want , desire or perfer to do something 	prefer or wish to do something . 	744
the activity of pretending to be someone or something else 	the act of liberating someone or something . 	745
Supply with water for crops , as with channels , ditches , or streams . 	supply with water , as with channels or ditches or streams . 	746
the act of combining , blending , integrating 	-LRB- theology -RRB- God 's act of bringing the universe into existence . 	747
the activity of pretending to be someone or something else 	the act of damaging something or someone . 	748
the act of harming or hurting someone 	the act of damaging something or someone . 	749
put up with something unpleasant 	put up with something or somebody unpleasant . 	750
