the leader have now be give a new chance and let we hope they seize it . 	the leader benefit aujourd ' hui of a new luck and let 's let they therefore seize it . 	1
Amendment No 7 propose certain change in the reference to paragraph . 	Amendment No 7 be propose certain change in the reference to paragraph . 	2
let I remind you that we ally include fervent supporter of this tax . 	I would like to remind you that among we ally , there be strong of this tax . 	3
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m. 	the vote will take place at 5.30 pm 	4
the fisherman be inactive , tired and disappointed . 	the fisherman be inactive , tired and disappointed . 	5
neither be there a qualify majority within this House to revert to Article 272 . 	there be not a majority voting in Parliament to go back to Article 272 . 	6
it increase the power of the big country at the expense of the small country . 	it have the effect of augment the potency of the big country to the detriment of baby . 	7
the fisherman be inactive , tired and disappointed . 	the fisher be inactive , tired and disappointed . 	8
the leader have now be give a new chance and let we hope they seize it . 	leader now have another chance to let they and therefore take . 	9
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m. 	the vote will take place at 17h30 . 	10
there must be a balance as a whole . 	the body must be in balance . 	11
we often pontificate here about be the representative of the citizen of Europe . 	we be proud often here to represent the citizen of Europe . 	12
-lrb- Parliament adopt the legislative resolution -rrb- 	-lrb- the Parliament adopt legislative resolution -rrb- 	13
the leader have now be give a new chance and let we hope they seize it . 	the leader benefit aujourd ' hui d ' a new chance and therefore let we let they it grab . 	14
I be one of those member who attend sitting quite faithfully . 	I belong to the member who be present rather honourably . 	15
Tunisia 	Tunisia 	16
neither be there a qualify majority within this House to revert to Article 272 . 	it do not not more of the qualify majority in this Parliament to return to the Article 272 . 	17
as I already explain during second reading , there be a crisis underlie this directive amendment . 	as I have already explain , at second reading , a crisis be at the root of this modification of Directive . 	18
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarise in four word : citizen ' power over bureaucracy . 	Mr President , the Cashman report can be sum up in a few word : the power of citizen on bureaucracy . 	19
Amendment No 7 propose certain change in the reference to paragraph . 	Amendment No 7 propose change to certain paragraph reference . 	20
we often pontificate here about be the representative of the citizen of Europe . 	we take pride often here to represent the european citizen . 	21
thank you , Commissioner . 	thank you , Commissioner . 	22
we often pontificate here about be the representative of the citizen of Europe . 	often we be proud of represent Europe 's citizen . 	23
thank you , Commissioner . 	thank you , Commissioner . 	24
-lrb- Parliament adopt the legislative resolution -rrb- 	-lrb- Parliament adopt the legislative resolution -rrb- 	25
let I remind you that we ally include fervent supporter of this tax . 	I want to say to you that among we ally , there be fervent of this tax . 	26
let I remind you that we ally include fervent supporter of this tax . 	I insist on remind you that among we ally , there be devotee of this tax . 	27
then perhaps we could have avoid a catastrophe . 	perhaps we should have be able to prevent a disaster . 	28
selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , be essential . 	specific aid as the support of the market or the premium on grass be essential . 	29
it increase the power of the big country at the expense of the small country . 	it have increase the power of the large country to the detriment of small . 	30
that provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness . 	this point of the rule of procedure open the door to the arbitrary . 	31
thank you , Commissioner . 	Thank-You , Mister the Commissioner . 	33
we often pontificate here about be the representative of the citizen of Europe . 	we we take pride often here of represent the european citizen . 	34
it increase the power of the big country at the expense of the small country . 	it have in fact increase the power of large country to the detriment of small . 	35
then perhaps we could have avoid a catastrophe . 	perhaps then we would have avoid a catastrophe . 	36
there must be a balance as a whole . 	Group must be in equilibrium . 	37
neither be there a qualify majority within this House to revert to Article 272 . 	there be not either qualify majority within this Parliament to come back to the article 272 . 	38
Amendment No 7 propose certain change in the reference to paragraph . 	Amendment No 7 propose certain change in the reference to paragraph . 	39
Mr President , I rise in defence of the worker in the industry . 	Mr President , I wish to take the protection of worker of this sector . 	41
thank you , Commissioner . 	thank you , Commissioner . 	42
Amendment No 7 propose certain change in the reference to paragraph . 	amendment 7 propose certain modification in the reference to the paragraph . 	43
the leader have now be give a new chance and let we hope they seize it . 	the leader benefit today of a new chance and thus let the matter . 	44
I be one of those member who attend sitting quite faithfully . 	I be one of the member who be rather honourably here . 	45
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m. 	the vote will take place with 17h30 . 	46
it increase the power of the big country at the expense of the small country . 	this have the effect of increase the power of the large country at the expense of small . 	47
the leader have now be give a new chance and let we hope they seize it . 	the leader profit aujourd ' hui of a new luck and let we leave they therefore to seize it . 	48
thank you , Commissioner . 	thank you , Commissioner . 	49
-lrb- Parliament adopt the legislative resolution -rrb- 	-lrb- the Parliament adopt the legislative resolution -rrb- 	50
Tunisia 	Tunisia 	51
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarise in four word : citizen ' power over bureaucracy . 	Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarize in a few word : the power of citizen on bureaucracy . 	52
neither be there a qualify majority within this House to revert to Article 272 . 	there be no more qualified majority voting in this Parliament to come back to Article 272 . 	53
neither be there a qualify majority within this House to revert to Article 272 . 	it do not be not no longer a majority voting in this Parliament to return to the article 272 . 	54
the leader have now be give a new chance and let we hope they seize it . 	give the leader today a new chance and thus let the approach . 	55
as I already explain during second reading , there be a crisis underlie this directive amendment . 	as I l ' have already explain in second reading , a crisis be at the root of this modification of directive . 	56
then perhaps we could have avoid a catastrophe . 	we would perhaps then able prevent a disaster . 	58
it be we job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the russian population . 	it be we duty to continue to support Latvia on the issue of the integration of the russian population . 	59
-lrb- Parliament adopt the legislative resolution -rrb- 	-lrb- Parliament adopt the legislative resolution -rrb- 	60
Mr President , I rise in defence of the worker in the industry . 	Mr President , I want to take the protection of worker . 	61
it be we job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the russian population . 	it be we duty to continue support Latvia on the question of the russian population . 	62
I be one of those member who attend sitting quite faithfully . 	I be part of member who be not properly present . 	63
let I remind you that we ally include fervent supporter of this tax . 	I would like to remind you that we ally , there be ardent supporter of this tax . 	65
unanimous decision , and hence a inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council . 	we preserve unanimity in the Council and thus a latent incapacity to act . 	66
it increase the power of the big country at the expense of the small country . 	this have the effect of increase the power of the large country at the expense of small . 	67
it increase the power of the big country at the expense of the small country . 	this have the effect of increase the power of the large country at the expense of small . 	68
it be we job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the russian population . 	it be of we duty to continue support the Latvia on the question of the incorporation of the russian population . 	70
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarise in four word : citizen ' power over bureaucracy . 	Amendment No 7 propose certain change in the reference to paragraph . 	amendment 7 propose certain modification in the reference to the paragraph . 	73
consumer will lose out , employee will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth . 	the user be the loser , employee , and european competitiveness and growth régresseront . 	74
it be we job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the russian population . 	it be we duty to continue to support the Latvia on the question of the integration of the russian population . 	75
-lrb- Parliament adopt the legislative resolution -rrb- 	-lrb- Parliament adopt the legislative resolution -rrb- 	76
that provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness . 	this regulation point open the door to the arbitrary one . 	77
Tunisia 	Tunisia 	78
the fisherman be inactive , tired and disappointed . 	fisherman be inactive , tired and disappointment . 	79
the European Union have get to do something and do it quickly . 	it be that the European Union be involve and that it do so quickly . 	80
I be one of those member who attend sitting quite faithfully . 	I be part of member who be not properly present . 	81
it increase the power of the big country at the expense of the small country . 	have the effect of increase the power of the large at the expense of smaller country . 	82
the standard be scarcely comparable , let alone transferable . 	the standard be hardly comparable and even less transferable . 	83
the fisherman be inactive , tired and disappointed . 	the fisherman be inactive , tired and disappointed . 	84
the standard be scarcely comparable , let alone transferable . 	the standard be hardly comparable and still less transferable . 	85
Tunisia 	Tunisia 	86
neither be there a qualify majority within this House to revert to Article 272 . 	there be no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272 . 	88
Amendment No 7 propose certain change in the reference to paragraph . 	the amendment 7 propose some change in the reference to the paragraph . 	89
-lrb- Parliament adopt the legislative resolution -rrb- 	-lrb- Parliament adopt the legislative resolution -rrb- 	90
Mr President , I rise in defence of the worker in the industry . 	Mr President , I would like to make the defence of worker in this sector . 	92
that provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness . 	this point of the payment open the door with the arbitrary one . 	93
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarise in four word : citizen ' power over bureaucracy . 	Mr President , the Cashman report can be sum up in a few word : the power of citizen on the bureaucracy . 	94
consumer will lose out , employee will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth . 	the user will be the loser , with the employee , and european competitiveness and growth will regress . 	95
it increase the power of the big country at the expense of the small country . 	this have the effect of increase the power of large country at the expense of smaller . 	96
neither be there a qualify majority within this House to revert to Article 272 . 	there be no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272 . 	97
I be one of those member who attend sitting quite faithfully . 	I be one of those member who be rather honourably here . 	98
it be we job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the russian population . 	it be we duty to continue to support Latvia on the issue of the integration of the russian population . 	99
the leader have now be give a new chance and let we hope they seize it . 	the leader have today of a new opportunity and let they therefore seize . 	100
selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , be essential . 	specific assistance like the support of the market or the premium with grass be essential . 	101
I be one of those member who attend sitting quite faithfully . 	I be one of the member of Parliament who be rather present . 	102
the fisherman be inactive , tired and disappointed . 	the fisherman be inactive , tired and disappointed . 	103
there must be a balance as a whole . 	the whole must be in balance . 	104
Mr President , I rise in defence of the worker in the industry . 	Mr President , I would like to take the defence of worker in this sector . 	105
then perhaps we could have avoid a catastrophe . 	perhaps we would then have to avoid a disaster . 	106
the European Union have get to do something and do it quickly . 	it suit that the European Union imply itself and that she do it quickly . 	107
Tunisia 	Tunisia 	108
there must be a balance as a whole . 	the whole must be in balance . 	109
selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , be essential . 	the occasional aid as the support of the market or the premium to grass be essential . 	110
Mr President , I rise in defence of the worker in the industry . 	Mr President , I would like to defend worker in the sector . 	111
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m. 	the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m. 	112
Tunisia 	Tunisia 	113
that provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness . 	this point of the regulation open the door to arbitrariness . 	114
as I already explain during second reading , there be a crisis underlie this directive amendment . 	as I already explain in second reading , a crisis be at the base of this modification of directive . 	115
thank you , Commissioner . 	thank you , Commissioner . 	116
the European Union have get to do something and do it quickly . 	it be right that the European Union be involve , and for this to be do quickly . 	117
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m. 	the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m. 	118
unanimous decision , and hence a inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council . 	we maintain the unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent capacity to act . 	119
as I already explain during second reading , there be a crisis underlie this directive amendment . 	as I have already explain in second reading , be at the root of this directive . 	120
Mr President , I rise in defence of the worker in the industry . 	Mr President , I hold to the defence of worker in this sector . 	121
it be we job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the russian population . 	it be we duty to continue to support the Latvia on the issue of the integration of the russian population . 	122
thank you , Commissioner . 	thank you , Mister the Commissioner . 	124
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarise in four word : citizen ' power over bureaucracy . 	Mr President , the Cashman report can be sum up in a few word : the power of the citizen on bureaucracy . 	126
unfortunately , other separate on the basis of accumulate hatred . 	on other who be unfortunately in the reason of a vengeance gain . 	127
as I already explain during second reading , there be a crisis underlie this directive amendment . 	as I have already explain at second reading , a crisis be on the basis of this amend directive . 	128
the standard be scarcely comparable , let alone transferable . 	the standard be hardly comparable and even less transferable . 	129
neither be there a qualify majority within this House to revert to Article 272 . 	there be no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272 . 	130
it be we job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the russian population . 	it be of we duty to continue to support Latvia on the question of the integration of the russian population . 	131
unfortunately , other separate on the basis of accumulate hatred . 	other separate unfortunately because of a grudge accumulate . 	132
Amendment No 7 propose certain change in the reference to paragraph . 	amendment 7 propose certain modification in the reference to paragraph . 	133
that provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness . 	this point of the regulation open the door to the arbitrary . 	134
selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , be essential . 	the specific aid as the support of the market or the premium to the grass be necessary . 	135
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m. 	the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m. 	136
the standard be scarcely comparable , let alone transferable . 	the standard be hardly comparable and even less transferable . 	137
the leader have now be give a new chance and let we hope they seize it . 	the leader have now of a new chance and let -- therefore the take . 	138
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarise in four word : citizen ' power over bureaucracy . 	Mr President , the Cashman report can be sum up in a few word : the power of citizen on bureaucracy . 	139
then perhaps we could have avoid a catastrophe . 	we maybe then could have avoid a catastrophe . 	140
Tunisia 	Tunisia 	141
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarise in four word : citizen ' power over bureaucracy . 	Mr President , the report mr Cashman 's can be summarise in a few word : the power of people on the tape . 	142
unanimous decision , and hence a inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council . 	we have the unanimity in the Council and therefore a covert inability to act . 	143
the fisherman be inactive , tired and disappointed . 	the fisherman be inactive , tired and disappointed . 	144
Mr President , I rise in defence of the worker in the industry . 	mister the President , I be anxious to take the defense of the worker of this sector . 	145
-lrb- Parliament adopt the legislative resolution -rrb- 	-lrb- the Parliament adopt the legislative resolution -rrb- 	146
consumer will lose out , employee will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth . 	user will be the loser , with employee , and european competitiveness and growth régresseront . 	147
I be one of those member who attend sitting quite faithfully . 	I be part of the parliamentary one that be rather present honorably . 	148
selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , be essential . 	the specific aid as the support of the market or the premium on grass be essential . 	149
unanimous decision , and hence a inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council . 	we preserve the unanimity to the Counsel and therefore a latent inability to act . 	150
that provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness . 	this point of the regulation open the door to the arbitrary . 	151
the fisherman be inactive , tired and disappointed . 	the fisherman be unemployed , tired and disappointed . 	153
as I already explain during second reading , there be a crisis underlie this directive amendment . 	as I have already explain at second reading , a crisis be on the basis of this amendment of directive . 	155
consumer will lose out , employee will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth . 	the consumer be the loser , with the employee , and the competitiveness and the growth european régresseront . 	157
unfortunately , other separate on the basis of accumulate hatred . 	some separate themselves unfortunately in view of a grudge gain . 	159
Tunisia 	Tunisia 	160
we often pontificate here about be the representative of the citizen of Europe . 	we ourselves often represent european citizen . 	161
consumer will lose out , employee will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth . 	user will be the loser , with employee , and régresseront european competitiveness and growth . 	162
unanimous decision , and hence a inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council . 	we maintain unanimity in Council and therefore a latent inability to act . 	163
Mr President , I rise in defence of the worker in the industry . 	Mr President , I would like to take the defence of worker in this sector . 	164
unanimous decision , and hence a inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council . 	we keep unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent inability to act . 	165
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarise in four word : citizen ' power over bureaucracy . 	Mr President , the report Cashman can come down in some word : the power of the citizen on officialism . 	166
Mr President , I rise in defence of the worker in the industry . 	Mr President , I would like to take the protection of worker in this sector . 	167
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m. 	the vote will place to 17h30 . 	168
-lrb- Parliament adopt the legislative resolution -rrb- 	-lrb- Parliament adopt the legislative resolution -rrb- 	169
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m. 	the vote will be to 17h30 . 	170
the European Union have get to do something and do it quickly . 	the European Union itself and do so quickly . 	171
there must be a balance as a whole . 	the whole must be in balance . 	172
the European Union have get to do something and do it quickly . 	it be appropriate that the European Union be involve and that it make it quickly . 	174
neither be there a qualify majority within this House to revert to Article 272 . 	it do not exist not more qualified majority within this Parliament to come back to the item 272 . 	175
there must be a balance as a whole . 	all must be balance . 	176
then perhaps we could have avoid a catastrophe . 	we would perhaps then could prevent a disaster . 	177
let I remind you that we ally include fervent supporter of this tax . 	I would remind you that one of we ally , it be very much of this tax . 	178
unfortunately , other separate on the basis of accumulate hatred . 	d ` other separate themselves unfortunately because of a accumulate grudge . 	179
that provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness . 	this point in the regulation open the door to the arbitrary . 	180
thank you , Commissioner . 	thank you , Commissioner . 	181
there must be a balance as a whole . 	the whole must be in balance . 	182
selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , be essential . 	the specific aid as the support of the market or the premium to the grass be essential . 	183
Mr President , I rise in defence of the worker in the industry . 	Mister Preside over it , I insist on take the defense of the worker of this sector . 	184
it increase the power of the big country at the expense of the small country . 	that have for effect to increase the power of the big country to the detriment of the small one . 	185
let I remind you that we ally include fervent supporter of this tax . 	I would like to remind you that one of we ally , there be ardent supporter of this tax . 	186
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m. 	the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m. 	187
selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , be essential . 	the occasional aid as the market or the grass be essential . 	188
selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , be essential . 	specific aid as the market or the premium on grass be essential . 	189
thank you , Commissioner . 	thank you , Mister Commissioner . 	190
we often pontificate here about be the representative of the citizen of Europe . 	we often take pride here to represent the citizen of Europe . 	191
Tunisia 	Tunisia 	192
Tunisia 	Tunisia 	193
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarise in four word : citizen ' power over bureaucracy . 	Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarize in two word : the power of the people on the tape . 	195
then perhaps we could have avoid a catastrophe . 	we might then have to avoid a disaster . 	196
the leader have now be give a new chance and let we hope they seize it . 	the leader have today a new chance and let they therefore seize it . 	197
the fisherman be inactive , tired and disappointed . 	the fisherman inactive , be tired and disappointed . 	198
Amendment No 7 propose certain change in the reference to paragraph . 	Amendment No 7 be propose certain amendment in the reference to the paragraph . 	199
Tunisia 	Tunisia 	200
it be we job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the russian population . 	it be we duty to continue to support Latvia on the issue of the integration of the russian population . 	201
-lrb- Parliament adopt the legislative resolution -rrb- 	-lrb- Parliament adopt the legislative resolution -rrb- 	202
let I remind you that we ally include fervent supporter of this tax . 	I would like to remind you that among we ally , there be ardent supporter of this tax . 	203
-lrb- Parliament adopt the legislative resolution -rrb- 	-lrb- Parliament adopt the legislative resolution -rrb- 	204
unanimous decision , and hence a inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council . 	we keep unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent inability to act . 	206
the European Union have get to do something and do it quickly . 	it be that the European Union be mean and that it be do very soon . 	207
I be one of those member who attend sitting quite faithfully . 	I be one of the member who be quite honourably here . 	208
selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , be essential . 	Punctual help as the support of the market or bonus in the grass be necessary . 	209
there must be a balance as a whole . 	the whole must be balance . 	210
that provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness . 	this point of the regulation open the door to arbitrariness . 	212
I be one of those member who attend sitting quite faithfully . 	I be part of parliamentarian who be rather present honourably . 	213
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarise in four word : citizen ' power over bureaucracy . 	mister the President , the report Cashman can summarize itself in some word : the strength of the citizen on the bureaucracy . 	214
the European Union have get to do something and do it quickly . 	it be that the European Union be involve and that it will soon . 	215
I be one of those member who attend sitting quite faithfully . 	I be one of the member who be quite honourably here . 	216
the fisherman be inactive , tired and disappointed . 	the fisherman be inactive , tired and disappointed . 	217
the European Union have get to do something and do it quickly . 	it be right that the European Union be it entail , and do so quickly . 	218
Mr President , I rise in defence of the worker in the industry . 	Mr President , I want to stand up for worker of this area . 	219
there must be a balance as a whole . 	the unit must be in balance . 	220
unanimous decision , and hence a inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council . 	we keep l ' unanimity in Council and therefore a latent inability to act . 	221
the standard be scarcely comparable , let alone transferable . 	norm be barely comparable and even less alienable . 	222
the leader have now be give a new chance and let we hope they seize it . 	the leader be here today to a new chance and let they therefore the take . 	223
Mr President , I rise in defence of the worker in the industry . 	Mr. President , I make a point of take the defense of the worker of this sector . 	224
Tunisia 	Tunisia 	225
neither be there a qualify majority within this House to revert to Article 272 . 	there be no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272 . 	226
unanimous decision , and hence a inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council . 	we keep unanimity in the Council and thus a latent failure to act . 	227
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarise in four word : citizen ' power over bureaucracy . 	Mr President , the Cashman report can be sum up in a few word : the power of citizen on bureaucracy . 	229
we often pontificate here about be the representative of the citizen of Europe . 	we we pride often here of represent the european citizen . 	230
that provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness . 	this point of procedure open the door to the arbitrary . 	232
unfortunately , other separate on the basis of accumulate hatred . 	other separate unfortunately because of a accumulate resentment . 	233
let I remind you that we ally include fervent supporter of this tax . 	I want to remind you that of we ally , it be of major of tax . 	234
the leader have now be give a new chance and let we hope they seize it . 	the leader now have another chance to let they and therefore seize it . 	236
I be one of those member who attend sitting quite faithfully . 	I form part of the member of Parliament who be rather honourably present . 	237
we often pontificate here about be the representative of the citizen of Europe . 	we often enorgueillisson ourselves here to represent the european citizen . 	238
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarise in four word : citizen ' power over bureaucracy . 	Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarise as follow : the citizen on bureaucracy . 	239
Amendment No 7 propose certain change in the reference to paragraph . 	amendment 7 change in reference to paragraph . 	240
the European Union have get to do something and do it quickly . 	it be appropriate that the European Union mean and that it should do so quickly . 	241
let I remind you that we ally include fervent supporter of this tax . 	I be anxious to recall you that among we ally , there be fervent of this tax . 	242
selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , be essential . 	punctual help as the support of the market or the bonus at the grass be essential . 	243
it be we job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the russian population . 	it be we duty to continue to support Latvia on the issue of the integration of the russian population . 	244
let I remind you that we ally include fervent supporter of this tax . 	I would remind you that we ally , devotee of this tax . 	245
Amendment No 7 propose certain change in the reference to paragraph . 	Amendment No 7 be propose certain change in the reference to paragraph . 	246
the leader have now be give a new chance and let we hope they seize it . 	the leader be today a new chance and thus let . 	247
neither be there a qualify majority within this House to revert to Article 272 . 	there do not exist either of majority qualify within this Parliament to return in article 272 . 	248
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m. 	the vote will take place at 17h30 . 	249
we often pontificate here about be the representative of the citizen of Europe . 	we be proud often of represent the european citizen here . 	250
unanimous decision , and hence a inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council . 	we maintain unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent inability to act . 	251
unfortunately , other separate on the basis of accumulate hatred . 	other separate unfortunately because of a accumulate resentment . 	253
-lrb- Parliament adopt the legislative resolution -rrb- 	, the Parliament adopt the legislative resolution -- 	254
selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , be essential . 	specific aid , support or market at grass be essential . 	255
selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , be essential . 	support specific as the support of the market or the premium to the grass be necessary . 	256
selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , be essential . 	punctual assistance as the support of the market or the premium to grass be essential . 	257
we often pontificate here about be the representative of the citizen of Europe . 	we often take pride here to represent the citizen of Europe . 	258
unfortunately , other separate on the basis of accumulate hatred . 	other divide unfortunately because of a grudge accumulate . 	259
let I remind you that we ally include fervent supporter of this tax . 	I would like to remind you that among we ally , there be enthusiast of this tax . 	260
I be one of those member who attend sitting quite faithfully . 	I be one of the member who be quite honourably here . 	262
the standard be scarcely comparable , let alone transferable . 	the standard be hardly comparable and even less transferable . 	263
unfortunately , other separate on the basis of accumulate hatred . 	other divide unfortunately because of a grudge accumulate . 	264
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarise in four word : citizen ' power over bureaucracy . 	Mr President , the Cashman report can be sum up in a few word : the power of citizen on bureaucracy . 	265
it increase the power of the big country at the expense of the small country . 	that have as effect to increase the power of the great country to the detriment of the small one . 	266
unfortunately , other separate on the basis of accumulate hatred . 	other be parting unfortunately because of a rancune gain . 	267
unfortunately , other separate on the basis of accumulate hatred . 	other divide unfortunately due to a accumulate ill-will . 	268
unfortunately , other separate on the basis of accumulate hatred . 	other diverge unfortunately owe to a accumulate vengeance . 	269
let I remind you that we ally include fervent supporter of this tax . 	I would like to remind you that among we ally , there be ardent supporter of this tax . 	270
selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , be essential . 	specific aid as the support of the market or the premium on grass be essential . 	271
the leader have now be give a new chance and let we hope they seize it . 	the leader now have a new chance and let they therefore seize it . 	272
that provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness . 	this point of the regulation open the door to the arbitrary . 	273
unfortunately , other separate on the basis of accumulate hatred . 	other separate unfortunately because of resentment accumulate . 	274
neither be there a qualify majority within this House to revert to Article 272 . 	there be not majority qualify within this Parliament to bring back to the article 272 either . 	275
unfortunately , other separate on the basis of accumulate hatred . 	other unfortunately diverge in response to rancune gain . 	276
the fisherman be inactive , tired and disappointed . 	the fisherman be inactive , tired and disappointed . 	277
Mr President , I rise in defence of the worker in the industry . 	Mr President , I wish to take the protection of worker of the sector . 	278
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m. 	the vote will take place on 17 : 30 . 	279
the standard be scarcely comparable , let alone transferable . 	the standard be hardly comparable and still less transferable . 	280
it increase the power of the big country at the expense of the small country . 	it have to effect of increase the power of the large country to the detriment of small . 	281
then perhaps we could have avoid a catastrophe . 	we could perhaps have be able to prevent a disaster . 	282
there must be a balance as a whole . 	the whole must be in balance . 	283
as I already explain during second reading , there be a crisis underlie this directive amendment . 	as I have already explain to we at second reading , a crisis be at the root of this amendment to Directive . 	284
neither be there a qualify majority within this House to revert to Article 272 . 	there be no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272 . 	285
it increase the power of the big country at the expense of the small country . 	this be to increase the power of the large country at the expense of small . 	286
Mr President , I rise in defence of the worker in the industry . 	Mr President , I would like to take the defence of worker in this sector . 	287
there must be a balance as a whole . 	all must be balance . 	288
consumer will lose out , employee will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth . 	the user will be the loser , with the employee , and european competitiveness and the growth will regress . 	289
the standard be scarcely comparable , let alone transferable . 	the standard be hardly comparable and even less transferable . 	290
unfortunately , other separate on the basis of accumulate hatred . 	other separate themselves unfortunately because of a amass grudge . 	291
the fisherman be inactive , tired and disappointed . 	fisherman be inactive , tired and disappointed . 	292
the European Union have get to do something and do it quickly . 	the European Union must be involve and do so quickly . 	293
then perhaps we could have avoid a catastrophe . 	we might then have to avoid a disaster . 	294
consumer will lose out , employee will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth . 	user will be the loser , with the employee , and the competitiveness and european growth régresseront . 	295
that provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness . 	this pave the way for the of the rule of Procedure here . 	296
as I already explain during second reading , there be a crisis underlie this directive amendment . 	as I have already say in the second reading , a crisis be at the basis of this amendment of directive . 	297
-lrb- Parliament adopt the legislative resolution -rrb- 	in particular Parliament adopt the legislative resolution -rrb- 	298
let I remind you that we ally include fervent supporter of this tax . 	I would like to remind you that among we ally , there be ardent supporter of this tax . 	299
as I already explain during second reading , there be a crisis underlie this directive amendment . 	as I have already explain in second reading , a crisis be at the basis of this modification of directive . 	300
it be we job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the russian population . 	it be we duty to continue to support Latvia on the issue of the integration of the russian population . 	301
the European Union have get to do something and do it quickly . 	it be important that the European Union itself and to do it quickly . 	302
it increase the power of the big country at the expense of the small country . 	this have the effect of increase the power of the large country to the detriment of small . 	303
I be one of those member who attend sitting quite faithfully . 	I be one of the member who be quite honourably here . 	304
as I already explain during second reading , there be a crisis underlie this directive amendment . 	as I have already explain in second reading , a crisis be to the basis of this amendment of the directive . 	305
then perhaps we could have avoid a catastrophe . 	then we might have be able to avoid a disaster . 	306
the standard be scarcely comparable , let alone transferable . 	the standard be hardly comparable and still less transferable . 	307
Tunisia 	Tunisia be 	308
Amendment No 7 propose certain change in the reference to paragraph . 	Amendment No 7 be propose certain change in the reference to paragraph . 	309
Amendment No 7 propose certain change in the reference to paragraph . 	the amendment 7 propose some modification in the reference to the paragraph . 	310
thank you , Commissioner . 	thank you , Mr Commissioner . 	311
the European Union have get to do something and do it quickly . 	it be important that the European Union to be involve and to do it quickly . 	312
there must be a balance as a whole . 	the whole must be in balance . 	313
unfortunately , other separate on the basis of accumulate hatred . 	other separate unfortunately because of a grudge accumulate . 	314
the leader have now be give a new chance and let we hope they seize it . 	the leader be today of a new chance and therefore let we take it . 	316
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarise in four word : citizen ' power over bureaucracy . 	Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarize briefly : the power of the people on bureaucracy . 	317
-lrb- Parliament adopt the legislative resolution -rrb- 	-lrb- Parliament adopt the legislative resolution -rrb- 	318
the European Union have get to do something and do it quickly . 	it be appropriate that the European Union be and what it imply do it quickly . 	319
it be we job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the russian population . 	it be we duty to continue to press for Latvia on the issue of the integration of the russian people . 	320
unanimous decision , and hence a inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council . 	we maintain unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent inability to act . 	321
as I already explain during second reading , there be a crisis underlie this directive amendment . 	as I have already explain at second reading , a crisis be at the root of this amendment to Directive . 	322
the standard be scarcely comparable , let alone transferable . 	the standard be to death similar and even less transferable . 	323
the European Union have get to do something and do it quickly . 	it be necessary that the European Union get involve and that it make it fast . 	324
it increase the power of the big country at the expense of the small country . 	have the effect of increase the power of the large country at the expense of the smaller country . 	325
there must be a balance as a whole . 	the together must be in balance . 	326
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m. 	the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m. 	327
it be we job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the russian population . 	it be we duty to continue to support Latvia on the issue of the integration of the russian population . 	328
we often pontificate here about be the representative of the citizen of Europe . 	we often take pride here to represent the citizen of Europe . 	329
thank you , Commissioner . 	thank you , Commissioner . 	330
Amendment No 7 propose certain change in the reference to paragraph . 	Amendment No 7 propose certain change in the reference to paragraph . 	331
unanimous decision , and hence a inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council . 	we preserve the unanimity at the Council and thus a latent incapacity to act . 	332
there must be a balance as a whole . 	the unity must be in balance . 	333
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m. 	the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m. 	334
consumer will lose out , employee will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth . 	user be the loser , with worker and european competitiveness and innovation régresseront . 	336
then perhaps we could have avoid a catastrophe . 	we would perhaps have be able to prevent a disaster . 	337
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarise in four word : citizen ' power over bureaucracy . 	Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarise in a few word : the power of citizen on bureaucracy . 	338
as I already explain during second reading , there be a crisis underlie this directive amendment . 	as I have already explain it in second reading , a crisis be at the base of this modification of directive . 	339
as I already explain during second reading , there be a crisis underlie this directive amendment . 	as I have explain , a crisis at second reading be the basis of amendment of the directive . 	340
we often pontificate here about be the representative of the citizen of Europe . 	we enorgueillisson ourselves often here to represent the european citizen . 	341
there must be a balance as a whole . 	the whole must be in balance . 	342
it increase the power of the big country at the expense of the small country . 	that cause to increase the power of the large country to the detriment of small . 	344
it be we job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the russian population . 	it be we duty to continue to support Latvia on the question of the integration of the russian population . 	345
that provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness . 	this point of procedure open the door to the arbitrary . 	346
neither be there a qualify majority within this House to revert to Article 272 . 	there be no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272 . 	347
selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , be essential . 	specific aid as the market or the premium on grass be essential . 	348
it be we job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the russian population . 	it be we duty of continue to support the Latvia on the issue of the integration of the russian people . 	349
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m. 	the vote will take place at 17h30 . 	350
then perhaps we could have avoid a catastrophe . 	we could perhaps then have avoid a catastrophe . 	351
Tunisia 	Tunisia 	352
the standard be scarcely comparable , let alone transferable . 	the standard be hardly comparable and still less transferable . 	353
then perhaps we could have avoid a catastrophe . 	we might then have to avoid a disaster . 	354
unanimous decision , and hence a inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council . 	we keep unanimity in Council and therefore a latent incapacity to act . 	355
neither be there a qualify majority within this House to revert to Article 272 . 	it do not exist either qualify majority in this Parliament to return to article 272 . 	356
then perhaps we could have avoid a catastrophe . 	we would maybe then have be able to avoid a disaster . 	357
consumer will lose out , employee will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth . 	consumer will be the loser , with worker and competitiveness and growth regress . 	358
thank you , Commissioner . 	thank you , Commissioner . 	359
then perhaps we could have avoid a catastrophe . 	then we might have be able to avoid a disaster . 	360
the fisherman be inactive , tired and disappointed . 	the fisherman be inactive , tired and disappointed . 	361
Tunisia 	Tunisia 	363
we often pontificate here about be the representative of the citizen of Europe . 	we be often here to represent the citizen of Europe . 	364
thank you , Commissioner . 	thank you , Commissioner . 	365
it increase the power of the big country at the expense of the small country . 	it have the effect of increase the power of the large country , to the detriment of the small one . 	366
I be one of those member who attend sitting quite faithfully . 	I be one of the member who be quite honourably here . 	367
consumer will lose out , employee will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth . 	the user will be the loser , with the employee , and the competitiveness and growth regress . 	368
neither be there a qualify majority within this House to revert to Article 272 . 	there be no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272 . 	369
-lrb- Parliament adopt the legislative resolution -rrb- 	-lrb- Parliament adopt the legislative resolution -rrb- 	370
the standard be scarcely comparable , let alone transferable . 	the standard be hardly comparable and even less transferable . 	371
I be one of those member who attend sitting quite faithfully . 	I be one of the member who be rather present . 	372
unanimous decision , and hence a inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council . 	we preserve the unanimity to the Advice and therefore a latent inability to act . 	373
the European Union have get to do something and do it quickly . 	it suit that the European Union be imply and that it makesit rapidly . 	375
we often pontificate here about be the representative of the citizen of Europe . 	we be often here to represent the european citizen . 	376
the fisherman be inactive , tired and disappointed . 	the fisherman be idle , tired and disappointed . 	377
the fisherman be inactive , tired and disappointed . 	the fisherman be inactive , tired and disappointed . 	378
thank you , Commissioner . 	thank you , Mr Commissioner . 	379
consumer will lose out , employee will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth . 	user will be the loser , with employee , and european competitiveness and growth régresseront . 	380
the standard be scarcely comparable , let alone transferable . 	the norm be hardly comparable and still less transferable . 	381
let I remind you that we ally include fervent supporter of this tax . 	I want to remind you that of we ally , it be of much of this tax . 	382
that provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness . 	this point of the regulation open the door to the arbitrary one . 	383
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarise in four word : citizen ' power over bureaucracy . 	Mr President , the Cashman report can be sum up in a few word : the power of the citizen on the bureaucracy . 	385
that provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness . 	this point of the regulation open the door to arbitrary power . 	386
unanimous decision , and hence a inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council . 	we maintain unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent inability to act . 	387
selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , be essential . 	a specific aid as the support of the market or the premium on grass be essential . 	388
that provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness . 	this regulation open the door to the arbitrary . 	389
consumer will lose out , employee will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth . 	the user will be the loser , with the employee , and the european competitiveness and growth will recede . 	390
we often pontificate here about be the representative of the citizen of Europe . 	we often take pride here in represent the european citizen . 	391
it be we job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the russian population . 	it be of we duty to continue to support the Latvia on the question of the integration of the russian population . 	392
thank you , Commissioner . 	thank you , Mister the Police chief . 	393
Amendment No 7 propose certain change in the reference to paragraph . 	the amendment 7 propose some change in the reference to the paragraph . 	395
Tunisia 	Tunisia 	396
the leader have now be give a new chance and let we hope they seize it . 	the leader have today a new chance and let they therefore seize it . 	397
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarise in four word : citizen ' power over bureaucracy . 	Mister Preside over it , the relation Cashman can amount in some word : the power of the citizen on the bureaucracy . 	398
unfortunately , other separate on the basis of accumulate hatred . 	D ' other part unfortunately in reason d ' a collect resentment . 	399
it be we job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the russian population . 	it be of we duty of continue press Latvia on the question of the integration of the russian population . 	400
there must be a balance as a whole . 	all must be in balance . 	401
Tunisia 	Tunisia 	402
the standard be scarcely comparable , let alone transferable . 	the standard be hardly comparable and even less transferable . 	403
I be one of those member who attend sitting quite faithfully . 	I be part of the member of parliament who be rather honorably present . 	405
unanimous decision , and hence a inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council . 	we maintain unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent inability to act . 	406
the leader have now be give a new chance and let we hope they seize it . 	the leader profit today from a new chance and thus let they seize it . 	407
thank you , Commissioner . 	thank you , Commissioner . 	408
-lrb- Parliament adopt the legislative resolution -rrb- 	-lrb- Parliament adopt the legislative resolution -rrb- 	409
-lrb- Parliament adopt the legislative resolution -rrb- 	-lrb- the Parliament adopt the legislative resolution -rrb- 	410
it increase the power of the big country at the expense of the small country . 	that be to increase the power of the large country to the detriment of small . 	411
I be one of those member who attend sitting quite faithfully . 	I be one of those member who be quite properly here . 	412
that provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness . 	this regulation open the door to the arbitrary . 	413
as I already explain during second reading , there be a crisis underlie this directive amendment . 	as I already explain it in second reading , a crisis be located to the basis of this modification of directive . 	414
let I remind you that we ally include fervent supporter of this tax . 	I make a point of recall you that among we ally , there be enthusiast of this tax . 	416
consumer will lose out , employee will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth . 	the user will be the loser , with employee , and european competitiveness and growth will diminish . 	417
as I already explain during second reading , there be a crisis underlie this directive amendment . 	as I have already explain in second reading , a crisis be on the basis of this amendment of directive . 	418
consumer will lose out , employee will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth . 	the user will be the loser , with employee , and european competitiveness and growth will diminish . 	419
Mr President , I rise in defence of the worker in the industry . 	Mr President , I would like to take the defence of worker in this sector . 	420
Mr President , I rise in defence of the worker in the industry . 	Mr President , I should like to take the defence of worker in this sector . 	422
consumer will lose out , employee will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth . 	the user will be the loser , with the employee , and the competitiveness and the european growth will decline . 	423
there must be a balance as a whole . 	the whole must be in balance . 	424
unanimous decision , and hence a inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council . 	we keep unanimity in the Council , and therefore a latent inability to act . 	425
consumer will lose out , employee will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth . 	the user be the loser , with the employee , and the competitiveness and growth european régresseront . 	426
the fisherman be inactive , tired and disappointed . 	the fisherman be inactive , tired and disappointed . 	427
thank you , Commissioner . 	thank you , Commissioner . 	428
Mr President , I rise in defence of the worker in the industry . 	Mr President , I would like to take the defence of worker in this sector . 	429
the standard be scarcely comparable , let alone transferable . 	the norm be scarcely comparable and again less transférables . 	430
selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , be essential . 	specific aid as the support of the market or the premium to grass be essential . 	431
Amendment No 7 propose certain change in the reference to paragraph . 	Amendment No 7 propose certain change in the reference to the paragraph . 	432
consumer will lose out , employee will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth . 	consumer will be the loser , with employee , and competitiveness and growth régresseront european . 	433
-lrb- Parliament adopt the legislative resolution -rrb- 	-lrb- Parliament adopt the legislative resolution -rrb- 	434
the leader have now be give a new chance and let we hope they seize it . 	the leader now have a new chance and let they therefore take . 	435
the standard be scarcely comparable , let alone transferable . 	the rule be comparable only good , let alone . 	436
Amendment No 7 propose certain change in the reference to paragraph . 	amendment 7 offer certain modification in reference to paragraph . 	437
that provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness . 	this regulation open the door to arbitrariness . 	439
the European Union have get to do something and do it quickly . 	it be appropriate that the European Union be imply and that it do it quickly . 	440
Amendment No 7 propose certain change in the reference to paragraph . 	Amendment No 7 be propose certain change in the reference to paragraph . 	441
the fisherman be inactive , tired and disappointed . 	the fisherman be inactive , tired and disappointed . 	442
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m. 	the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m. 	443
then perhaps we could have avoid a catastrophe . 	we would perhaps have be able to then avoid a disaster . 	444
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m. 	the vote will take place at 5.30 p.m. 	445
we often pontificate here about be the representative of the citizen of Europe . 	often we pride ourselves here to represent the people of Europe . 	446
the standard be scarcely comparable , let alone transferable . 	the standard be hardly comparable and still less transferable . 	447
the fisherman be inactive , tired and disappointed . 	the fisherman be inactive , tired and disappointed . 	448
as I already explain during second reading , there be a crisis underlie this directive amendment . 	as I have already explain at second reading , a crisis be at the root of this amendment of directive . 	449
as I already explain during second reading , there be a crisis underlie this directive amendment . 	as I have already explain at second reading , a crisis be on the basis of this amendment of directive . 	450
the European Union have get to do something and do it quickly . 	it be appropriate that the European Union mean and that it should do so quickly . 	451
unfortunately , other separate on the basis of accumulate hatred . 	other separate unfortunately a accumulate resentment . 	452
then perhaps we could have avoid a catastrophe . 	we might have be able to prevent a disaster . 	453
let I remind you that we ally include fervent supporter of this tax . 	I would like to remind you that one of we ally , there be strong this tax . 	454
it be we job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the russian population . 	it be of we duty of continue to support the country on the issue of the integration of the russian people . 	455
the vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m. 	vote will take place at 17 h 30 . 	456
neither be there a qualify majority within this House to revert to Article 272 . 	there be no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272 . 	457
let I remind you that we ally include fervent supporter of this tax . 	I hold you recall that we ally , there be enthusiastic about this tax . 	458
we often pontificate here about be the representative of the citizen of Europe . 	we often take pride here to represent the citizen of Europe . 	459
