The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it . 	The leaders benefit aujourd ' hui of a new luck and let 's let them therefore seize it . 	1
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs . 	Amendment No 7 is proposing certain changes in the references to paragraphs . 	2
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax . 	I would like to remind you that among our allies , there are strong of this tax . 	3
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m. 	The vote will take place at 5.30 pm 	4
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed . 	The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed . 	5
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272 . 	There was not a majority voting in Parliament to go back to Article 272 . 	6
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries . 	It has the effect of augmenting the potency of the big countries to the detriment of babies . 	7
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed . 	The fishers are inactive , tired and disappointed . 	8
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it . 	Leaders now have another chance to let them and therefore take . 	9
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m. 	The vote will take place at 17h30 . 	10
There must be a balance as a whole . 	The body must be in balance . 	11
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe . 	We are proud often here to represent the citizens of Europe . 	12
-LRB- Parliament adopted the legislative resolution -RRB- 	-LRB- The Parliament adopts legislative resolution -RRB- 	13
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it . 	The leaders benefit aujourd ' hui d ' a new chance and therefore let us let them it grab . 	14
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully . 	I belong to the Members who are present rather honourably . 	15
Tunisia 	Tunisia 	16
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272 . 	It did not not more of the qualified majority in this Parliament to return to the Article 272 . 	17
As I already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment . 	As I have already explained , at second reading , a crisis is at the root of this modification of Directive . 	18
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy . 	Mr President , the Cashman report can be summed up in a few words : the power of citizens on bureaucracy . 	19
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs . 	Amendment No 7 proposes changes to certain paragraphs references . 	20
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe . 	We take pride often here to represent the European citizens . 	21
Thank you , Commissioner . 	Thank you , Commissioner . 	22
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe . 	Often we are proud of representing Europe 's citizens . 	23
Thank you , Commissioner . 	Thank you , Commissioner . 	24
-LRB- Parliament adopted the legislative resolution -RRB- 	-LRB- Parliament adopted the legislative resolution -RRB- 	25
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax . 	I want to say to you that among our allies , there are fervent of this tax . 	26
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax . 	I insist on reminding you that among our allies , there are devotees of this tax . 	27
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe . 	Perhaps we should have been able to prevent a disaster . 	28
Selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential . 	Specific aid as the support of the market or the premium on grass are essential . 	29
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries . 	It has increased the power of the large countries to the detriment of small . 	30
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness . 	This point of the rules of procedure opens the door to the arbitrary . 	31
Thank you , Commissioner . 	Thank-You , Mister the Commissioner . 	33
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe . 	We we take pride often here of representing the european citizens . 	34
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries . 	It has in fact increased the power of large countries to the detriment of small . 	35
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe . 	Perhaps then we would have avoided a catastrophe . 	36
There must be a balance as a whole . 	Group must be in equilibrium . 	37
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272 . 	There was not either qualified majority within this Parliament to come back to the article 272 . 	38
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs . 	Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs . 	39
Mr President , I rise in defence of the workers in the industry . 	Mr President , I wish to take the protection of workers of this sector . 	41
Thank you , Commissioner . 	Thank you , Commissioner . 	42
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs . 	Amendment 7 proposes certain modifications in the references to the paragraphs . 	43
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it . 	The leaders benefit today of a new chance and thus let the matter . 	44
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully . 	I am one of the Members who are rather honourably here . 	45
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m. 	The vote will take place with 17h30 . 	46
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries . 	This has the effect of increasing the power of the large countries at the expense of small . 	47
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it . 	The leaders profit aujourd ' hui of a new luck and let us leave them therefore to seize it . 	48
Thank you , Commissioner . 	Thank you , Commissioner . 	49
-LRB- Parliament adopted the legislative resolution -RRB- 	-LRB- The Parliament adopts the legislative resolution -RRB- 	50
Tunisia 	Tunisia 	51
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy . 	Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarized in a few words : the power of citizens on bureaucracy . 	52
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272 . 	There was no more qualified majority voting in this Parliament to come back to Article 272 . 	53
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272 . 	It does not was not no longer a majority voting in this Parliament to return to the article 272 . 	54
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it . 	Given the leaders today a new chance and thus let the approach . 	55
As I already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment . 	As I l ' have already explained in second reading , a crisis is at the root of this modification of directive . 	56
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe . 	We would perhaps then able prevent a disaster . 	58
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population . 	It is our duty to continue to support Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian population . 	59
-LRB- Parliament adopted the legislative resolution -RRB- 	-LRB- Parliament adopted the legislative resolution -RRB- 	60
Mr President , I rise in defence of the workers in the industry . 	Mr President , I want to take the protection of workers . 	61
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population . 	It is our duty to continue supporting Latvia on the question of the Russian population . 	62
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully . 	I am part of Members who are not properly present . 	63
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax . 	I would like to remind you that our allies , there are ardent supporters of this tax . 	65
Unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council . 	We preserve unanimity in the Council and thus a latent incapacity to act . 	66
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries . 	This has the effect of increasing the power of the large countries at the expense of small . 	67
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries . 	This has the effect of increasing the power of the large countries at the expense of small . 	68
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population . 	It is of our duty to continue supporting the Latvia on the question of the incorporation of the Russian population . 	70
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy . 	Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs . 	Amendment 7 proposes certain modifications in the references to the paragraphs . 	73
Consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth . 	The users are the losers , employees , and European competitiveness and growth régresseront . 	74
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population . 	It is our duty to continue to support the Latvia on the question of the integration of the Russian population . 	75
-LRB- Parliament adopted the legislative resolution -RRB- 	-LRB- Parliament adopted the legislative resolution -RRB- 	76
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness . 	This regulation point opens the door to the arbitrary one . 	77
Tunisia 	Tunisia 	78
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed . 	Fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointment . 	79
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly . 	It is that the European Union is involved and that it do so quickly . 	80
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully . 	I am part of Members who are not properly present . 	81
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries . 	Has the effect of increasing the power of the large at the expense of smaller countries . 	82
The standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable . 	The standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable . 	83
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed . 	The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed . 	84
The standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable . 	The standards are hardly comparable and still less transferable . 	85
Tunisia 	Tunisia 	86
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272 . 	There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272 . 	88
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs . 	The amendment 7 proposes some changes in the references to the paragraphs . 	89
-LRB- Parliament adopted the legislative resolution -RRB- 	-LRB- Parliament adopted the legislative resolution -RRB- 	90
Mr President , I rise in defence of the workers in the industry . 	Mr President , I would like to make the defence of workers in this sector . 	92
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness . 	This point of the payment opens the door with the arbitrary one . 	93
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy . 	Mr President , the Cashman report can be summed up in a few words : the power of citizens on the bureaucracy . 	94
Consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth . 	The users will be the losers , with the employees , and European competitiveness and growth will regress . 	95
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries . 	This has the effect of increasing the power of large countries at the expense of smaller . 	96
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272 . 	There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272 . 	97
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully . 	I am one of those Members who are rather honourably here . 	98
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population . 	It is our duty to continue to support Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian population . 	99
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it . 	The leaders have today of a new opportunity and let them therefore seized . 	100
Selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential . 	Specific assistances like the support of the market or the premium with grass are essential . 	101
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully . 	I am one of the Members of Parliament who are rather present . 	102
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed . 	The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed . 	103
There must be a balance as a whole . 	The whole must be in balance . 	104
Mr President , I rise in defence of the workers in the industry . 	Mr President , I would like to take the defence of workers in this sector . 	105
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe . 	Perhaps we would then have to avoid a disaster . 	106
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly . 	It suits that the European Union implies itself and that she do it quickly . 	107
Tunisia 	Tunisia 	108
There must be a balance as a whole . 	The whole must be in balance . 	109
Selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential . 	The occasional aid as the support of the market or the premium to grass is essential . 	110
Mr President , I rise in defence of the workers in the industry . 	Mr President , I would like to defend workers in the sector . 	111
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m. 	The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m. 	112
Tunisia 	Tunisia 	113
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness . 	This point of the regulation opens the door to arbitrariness . 	114
As I already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment . 	As I already explained in second reading , a crisis is at the base of this modification of directive . 	115
Thank you , Commissioner . 	Thank you , Commissioner . 	116
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly . 	It is right that the European Union is involved , and for this to be done quickly . 	117
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m. 	The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m. 	118
Unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council . 	We maintain the unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent capacity to act . 	119
As I already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment . 	As I have already explained in second reading , is at the root of this directive . 	120
Mr President , I rise in defence of the workers in the industry . 	Mr President , I hold to the defence of workers in this sector . 	121
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population . 	It is our duty to continue to support the Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian population . 	122
Thank you , Commissioner . 	Thank you , Mister the Commissioner . 	124
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy . 	Mr President , the Cashman report can be summed up in a few words : the power of the citizens on bureaucracy . 	126
Unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred . 	On others who are unfortunately in the reason of a vengeance gained . 	127
As I already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment . 	As I have already explained at second reading , a crisis is on the basis of this amended directive . 	128
The standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable . 	The standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable . 	129
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272 . 	There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272 . 	130
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population . 	It is of our duty to continue to support Latvia on the question of the integration of the Russian population . 	131
Unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred . 	Other separate unfortunately because of a grudge accumulated . 	132
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs . 	Amendment 7 proposes certain modifications in the references to paragraphs . 	133
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness . 	This point of the regulation opens the door to the arbitrary . 	134
Selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential . 	The specific aid as the support of the market or the premium to the grass is necessary . 	135
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m. 	The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m. 	136
The standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable . 	The standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable . 	137
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it . 	The leaders have now of a new chance and let -- therefore the take . 	138
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy . 	Mr President , the Cashman report can be summed up in a few words : the power of citizens on bureaucracy . 	139
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe . 	We maybe then could have avoided a catastrophe . 	140
Tunisia 	Tunisia 	141
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy . 	Mr President , the report Mr Cashman 's can be summarised in a few words : the power of people on the tape . 	142
Unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council . 	We have the unanimity in the Council and therefore a covert inability to act . 	143
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed . 	The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed . 	144
Mr President , I rise in defence of the workers in the industry . 	Mister the President , I am anxious to take the defense of the workers of this sector . 	145
-LRB- Parliament adopted the legislative resolution -RRB- 	-LRB- The Parliament adopts the legislative resolution -RRB- 	146
Consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth . 	Users will be the losers , with employees , and European competitiveness and growth Régresseront . 	147
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully . 	I am part of the parliamentary ones that are rather present honorably . 	148
Selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential . 	The specific aid as the support of the market or the premium on grass are essential . 	149
Unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council . 	We preserve the unanimity to the Counsel and therefore a latent inability to act . 	150
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness . 	This point of the regulation opens the door to the arbitrary . 	151
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed . 	The fishermen are unemployed , tired and disappointed . 	153
As I already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment . 	As I have already explained at second reading , a crisis is on the basis of this amendment of directive . 	155
Consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth . 	The consumers are the losers , with the employees , and the competitiveness and the growth European régresseront . 	157
Unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred . 	Some separate themselves unfortunately in view of a grudge gained . 	159
Tunisia 	Tunisia 	160
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe . 	We ourselves often represent European citizens . 	161
Consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth . 	Users will be the losers , with employees , and régresseront European competitiveness and growth . 	162
Unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council . 	We maintain unanimity in Council and therefore a latent inability to act . 	163
Mr President , I rise in defence of the workers in the industry . 	Mr President , I would like to take the defence of workers in this sector . 	164
Unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council . 	We keep unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent inability to act . 	165
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy . 	Mr President , the report Cashman can come down in some words : the power of the citizens on officialism . 	166
Mr President , I rise in defence of the workers in the industry . 	Mr President , I would like to take the protection of workers in this sector . 	167
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m. 	The vote will place to 17h30 . 	168
-LRB- Parliament adopted the legislative resolution -RRB- 	-LRB- Parliament adopted the legislative resolution -RRB- 	169
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m. 	The vote will be to 17h30 . 	170
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly . 	The European Union itself and do so quickly . 	171
There must be a balance as a whole . 	The whole must be in balance . 	172
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly . 	It is appropriate that the European Union is involved and that it makes it quickly . 	174
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272 . 	It did not exist not more qualified majority within this Parliament to come back to the item 272 . 	175
There must be a balance as a whole . 	All must be balanced . 	176
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe . 	We would perhaps then could prevent a disaster . 	177
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax . 	I would remind you that one of our allies , it is very much of this tax . 	178
Unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred . 	D ` other separate themselves unfortunately because of an accumulated grudge . 	179
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness . 	This point in the regulation opens the door to the arbitrary . 	180
Thank you , Commissioner . 	Thank you , Commissioner . 	181
There must be a balance as a whole . 	The whole must be in balance . 	182
Selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential . 	The specific aid as the support of the market or the premium to the grass are essential . 	183
Mr President , I rise in defence of the workers in the industry . 	Mister Preside over it , I insist on taking the defense of the workers of this sector . 	184
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries . 	That has for effect to increase the power of the big countries to the detriment of the small ones . 	185
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax . 	I would like to remind you that one of our allies , there are ardent supporters of this tax . 	186
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m. 	The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m. 	187
Selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential . 	The occasional aid as the market or the grass is essential . 	188
Selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential . 	Specific aid as the market or the premium on grass are essential . 	189
Thank you , Commissioner . 	Thank you , Mister Commissioner . 	190
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe . 	We often take pride here to represent the citizens of Europe . 	191
Tunisia 	Tunisia 	192
Tunisia 	Tunisia 	193
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy . 	Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarized in two words : the power of the people on the tape . 	195
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe . 	We might then have to avoid a disaster . 	196
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it . 	The leaders have today a new chance and let them therefore seize it . 	197
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed . 	The fishermen inactive , are tired and disappointed . 	198
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs . 	Amendment No 7 is proposing certain amendments in the references to the paragraphs . 	199
Tunisia 	Tunisia 	200
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population . 	It is our duty to continue to support Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian population . 	201
-LRB- Parliament adopted the legislative resolution -RRB- 	-LRB- Parliament adopted the legislative resolution -RRB- 	202
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax . 	I would like to remind you that among our allies , there are ardent supporters of this tax . 	203
-LRB- Parliament adopted the legislative resolution -RRB- 	-LRB- Parliament adopted the legislative resolution -RRB- 	204
Unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council . 	We keep unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent inability to act . 	206
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly . 	It is that the European Union is means and that it be done very soon . 	207
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully . 	I am one of the Members who are quite honourably here . 	208
Selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential . 	Punctual helps as the support of the market or bonus in the grass are necessary . 	209
There must be a balance as a whole . 	The whole must be balanced . 	210
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness . 	This point of the regulation opens the door to arbitrariness . 	212
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully . 	I am part of parliamentarians who are rather present honourably . 	213
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy . 	Mister the President , the report Cashman can summarize itself in some words : the strength of the citizens on the bureaucracy . 	214
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly . 	It is that the European Union is involved and that it will soon . 	215
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully . 	I am one of the Members who are quite honourably here . 	216
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed . 	The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed . 	217
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly . 	It is right that the European Union is it entails , and do so quickly . 	218
Mr President , I rise in defence of the workers in the industry . 	Mr President , I want to stand up for workers of this area . 	219
There must be a balance as a whole . 	The unit must be in balance . 	220
Unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council . 	We keep l ' unanimity in Council and therefore a latent inability to act . 	221
The standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable . 	Norms are barely comparable and even less alienable . 	222
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it . 	The leaders are here today to a new chance and let them therefore the take . 	223
Mr President , I rise in defence of the workers in the industry . 	Mr. President , I make a point of taking the defense of the workers of this sector . 	224
Tunisia 	Tunisia 	225
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272 . 	There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272 . 	226
Unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council . 	We keep unanimity in the Council and thus a latent failure to act . 	227
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy . 	Mr President , the Cashman report can be summed up in a few words : the power of citizens on bureaucracy . 	229
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe . 	We we pride often here of representing the European citizens . 	230
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness . 	This point of Procedure opens the door to the arbitrary . 	232
Unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred . 	Other separate unfortunately because of an accumulated resentment . 	233
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax . 	I want to remind you that of our allies , it is of major of tax . 	234
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it . 	The leaders now have another chance to let them and therefore seize it . 	236
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully . 	I form part of the members of Parliament who are rather honourably present . 	237
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe . 	We often enorgueillissons ourselves here to represent the European citizens . 	238
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy . 	Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised as follows : the citizens on bureaucracy . 	239
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs . 	Amendment 7 changes in references to paragraphs . 	240
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly . 	It is appropriate that the European Union means and that it should do so quickly . 	241
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax . 	I am anxious to recall you that among our allies , there is fervent of this tax . 	242
Selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential . 	Punctual help as the support of the market or the bonus at the grass is essential . 	243
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population . 	It is our duty to continue to support Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian population . 	244
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax . 	I would remind you that our allies , devotees of this tax . 	245
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs . 	Amendment No 7 is proposing certain changes in the references to paragraphs . 	246
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it . 	The leaders are today a new chance and thus let . 	247
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272 . 	There did not exist either of majority qualified within this Parliament to return in article 272 . 	248
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m. 	The vote will take place at 17h30 . 	249
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe . 	We are proud often of representing the European citizens here . 	250
Unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council . 	We maintain unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent inability to act . 	251
Unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred . 	Others separate unfortunately because of an accumulated resentment . 	253
-LRB- Parliament adopted the legislative resolution -RRB- 	, The Parliament adopted the legislative resolution -- 	254
Selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential . 	Specific aid , support or market at grass is essential . 	255
Selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential . 	Support specific as the support of the market or the premium to the grass is necessary . 	256
Selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential . 	Punctual assistance as the support of the market or the premium to grass is essential . 	257
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe . 	We often take pride here to represent the citizens of Europe . 	258
Unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred . 	Other divide unfortunately because of a grudge accumulated . 	259
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax . 	I would like to remind you that among our allies , there are enthusiasts of this tax . 	260
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully . 	I am one of the Members who are quite honourably here . 	262
The standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable . 	The standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable . 	263
Unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred . 	Other divide unfortunately because of a grudge accumulated . 	264
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy . 	Mr President , the Cashman report can be summed up in a few words : the power of citizens on bureaucracy . 	265
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries . 	That has as effect to increase the power of the great countries to the detriment of the small ones . 	266
Unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred . 	Others are parting unfortunately because of a rancune gained . 	267
Unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred . 	Other divide unfortunately due to a accumulated ill-will . 	268
Unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred . 	Other diverge unfortunately owing to an accumulated vengeance . 	269
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax . 	I would like to remind you that among our allies , there are ardent supporters of this tax . 	270
Selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential . 	Specific aid as the support of the market or the premium on grass are essential . 	271
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it . 	The leaders now have a new chance and let them therefore seize it . 	272
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness . 	This point of the regulation opens the door to the arbitrary . 	273
Unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred . 	Other separate unfortunately because of resentment accumulated . 	274
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272 . 	There was not majority qualified within this Parliament to bring back to the article 272 either . 	275
Unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred . 	Others unfortunately diverge in response to rancune gained . 	276
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed . 	The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed . 	277
Mr President , I rise in defence of the workers in the industry . 	Mr President , I wish to take the protection of workers of the sector . 	278
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m. 	The vote will take place on 17 : 30 . 	279
The standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable . 	The standards are hardly comparable and still less transferable . 	280
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries . 	It has to effect of increasing the power of the large countries to the detriment of small . 	281
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe . 	We could perhaps have been able to prevent a disaster . 	282
There must be a balance as a whole . 	The whole must be in balance . 	283
As I already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment . 	As I have already explained to us at second reading , a crisis is at the root of this amendment to Directive . 	284
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272 . 	There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272 . 	285
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries . 	This is to increase the power of the large countries at the expense of small . 	286
Mr President , I rise in defence of the workers in the industry . 	Mr President , I would like to take the defence of workers in this sector . 	287
There must be a balance as a whole . 	All must be balanced . 	288
Consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth . 	The users will be the losers , with the employees , and European competitiveness and the growth will regress . 	289
The standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable . 	The standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable . 	290
Unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred . 	Others separate themselves unfortunately because of an amassed grudge . 	291
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed . 	Fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed . 	292
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly . 	The European Union must be involved and do so quickly . 	293
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe . 	We might then have to avoid a disaster . 	294
Consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth . 	Users will be the losers , with the employees , and the competitiveness and European growth régresseront . 	295
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness . 	This paves the way for the of the Rules of Procedure here . 	296
As I already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment . 	As I have already said in the second reading , a crisis is at the basis of this amendment of directive . 	297
-LRB- Parliament adopted the legislative resolution -RRB- 	In particular Parliament adopted the legislative resolution -RRB- 	298
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax . 	I would like to remind you that among our allies , there are ardent supporters of this tax . 	299
As I already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment . 	As I have already explained in second reading , a crisis is at the basis of this modification of directive . 	300
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population . 	It is our duty to continue to support Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian population . 	301
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly . 	It is important that the European Union itself and to do it quickly . 	302
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries . 	This has the effect of increasing the power of the large countries to the detriment of small . 	303
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully . 	I am one of the Members who are quite honourably here . 	304
As I already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment . 	As I have already explained in second reading , a crisis is to the basis of this amendment of the directive . 	305
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe . 	Then we might have been able to avoid a disaster . 	306
The standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable . 	The standards are hardly comparable and still less transferable . 	307
Tunisia 	Tunisia was 	308
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs . 	Amendment No 7 is proposing certain changes in the references to paragraphs . 	309
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs . 	The amendment 7 proposes some modifications in the references to the paragraphs . 	310
Thank you , Commissioner . 	Thank you , Mr Commissioner . 	311
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly . 	It is important that the European Union to be involved and to do it quickly . 	312
There must be a balance as a whole . 	The whole must be in balance . 	313
Unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred . 	Other separate unfortunately because of a grudge accumulated . 	314
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it . 	The leaders are today of a new chance and therefore let us take it . 	316
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy . 	Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarized briefly : the power of the people on bureaucracy . 	317
-LRB- Parliament adopted the legislative resolution -RRB- 	-LRB- Parliament adopted the legislative resolution -RRB- 	318
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly . 	It is appropriate that the European Union is and what it implies does it quickly . 	319
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population . 	It is our duty to continue to press for Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian people . 	320
Unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council . 	We maintain unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent inability to act . 	321
As I already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment . 	As I have already explained at second reading , a crisis is at the root of this amendment to Directive . 	322
The standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable . 	The standards are to death similar and even less transferable . 	323
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly . 	It is necessary that the European Union gets involved and that it makes it fast . 	324
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries . 	Has the effect of increasing the power of the large countries at the expense of the smaller countries . 	325
There must be a balance as a whole . 	The together must be in balance . 	326
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m. 	The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m. 	327
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population . 	It is our duty to continue to support Latvia on the issue of the integration of the Russian population . 	328
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe . 	We often take pride here to represent the citizens of Europe . 	329
Thank you , Commissioner . 	Thank you , Commissioner . 	330
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs . 	Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs . 	331
Unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council . 	We preserve the unanimity at the Council and thus a latent incapacity to act . 	332
There must be a balance as a whole . 	The unity must be in balance . 	333
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m. 	The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m. 	334
Consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth . 	Users are the losers , with workers and European competitiveness and innovation régresseront . 	336
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe . 	We would perhaps have been able to prevent a disaster . 	337
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy . 	Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised in a few words : the power of citizens on bureaucracy . 	338
As I already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment . 	As I have already explained it in second reading , a crisis is at the base of this modification of directive . 	339
As I already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment . 	As I have explained , a crisis at second reading is the basis of amendment of the directive . 	340
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe . 	We enorgueillissons ourselves often here to represent the European citizens . 	341
There must be a balance as a whole . 	The whole must be in balance . 	342
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries . 	That causes to increase the power of the large countries to the detriment of small . 	344
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population . 	It is our duty to continue to support Latvia on the question of the integration of the Russian population . 	345
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness . 	This point of procedure opens the door to the arbitrary . 	346
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272 . 	There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272 . 	347
Selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential . 	Specific aid as the market or the premium on grass are essential . 	348
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population . 	It is our duty of continue to support the Latvia on the issue of the integration of the russian people . 	349
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m. 	The vote will take place at 17h30 . 	350
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe . 	We could perhaps then have avoided a catastrophe . 	351
Tunisia 	Tunisia 	352
The standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable . 	The standards are hardly comparable and still less transferable . 	353
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe . 	We might then have to avoid a disaster . 	354
Unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council . 	We keep unanimity in Council and therefore a latent incapacity to act . 	355
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272 . 	It did not exist either qualified majority in this Parliament to return to article 272 . 	356
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe . 	We would maybe then have been able to avoid a disaster . 	357
Consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth . 	Consumers will be the losers , with workers and competitiveness and growth regress . 	358
Thank you , Commissioner . 	Thank you , Commissioner . 	359
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe . 	Then we might have been able to avoid a disaster . 	360
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed . 	The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed . 	361
Tunisia 	Tunisia 	363
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe . 	We are often here to represent the citizens of Europe . 	364
Thank you , Commissioner . 	Thank you , Commissioner . 	365
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries . 	It has the effect of increasing the power of the large countries , to the detriment of the small ones . 	366
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully . 	I am one of the Members who are quite honourably here . 	367
Consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth . 	The users will be the losers , with the employees , and the competitiveness and growth regress . 	368
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272 . 	There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272 . 	369
-LRB- Parliament adopted the legislative resolution -RRB- 	-LRB- Parliament adopted the legislative resolution -RRB- 	370
The standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable . 	The standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable . 	371
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully . 	I am one of the Members who are rather present . 	372
Unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council . 	We preserve the unanimity to the Advice and therefore a latent inability to act . 	373
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly . 	It suits that the European Union is implied and that it makesit rapidly . 	375
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe . 	We are often here to represent the European citizens . 	376
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed . 	The fishermen are idle , tired and disappointed . 	377
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed . 	The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed . 	378
Thank you , Commissioner . 	Thank you , Mr Commissioner . 	379
Consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth . 	Users will be the losers , with employees , and European competitiveness and growth Régresseront . 	380
The standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable . 	The norms are hardly comparable and still less transferable . 	381
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax . 	I want to remind you that of our allies , it is of much of this tax . 	382
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness . 	This point of the regulations opens the door to the arbitrary one . 	383
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy . 	Mr President , the Cashman report can be summed up in a few words : the power of the citizens on the bureaucracy . 	385
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness . 	This point of the regulations opens the door to arbitrary power . 	386
Unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council . 	We maintain unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent inability to act . 	387
Selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential . 	A specific aid as the support of the market or the premium on grass are essential . 	388
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness . 	This Regulation opens the door to the arbitrary . 	389
Consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth . 	The users will be the losers , with the employees , and the European competitiveness and growth will recede . 	390
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe . 	We often take pride here in representing the European citizens . 	391
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population . 	It is of our duty to continue to support the Latvia on the question of the integration of the Russian population . 	392
Thank you , Commissioner . 	Thank you , Mister the Police chief . 	393
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs . 	The amendment 7 proposes some changes in the references to the paragraphs . 	395
Tunisia 	Tunisia 	396
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it . 	The leaders have today a new chance and let them therefore seize it . 	397
Mr President , the Cashman report can be summarised in four words : citizens ' power over bureaucracy . 	Mister Preside over it , the relation Cashman can amount in some words : the power of the citizens on the bureaucracy . 	398
Unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred . 	D ' others part unfortunately in reason d ' a collected resentment . 	399
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population . 	It is of our duty of continuing press Latvia on the question of the integration of the Russian population . 	400
There must be a balance as a whole . 	All must be in balance . 	401
Tunisia 	Tunisia 	402
The standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable . 	The standards are hardly comparable and even less transferable . 	403
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully . 	I am part of the members of parliament who are rather honorably present . 	405
Unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council . 	We maintain unanimity in the Council and therefore a latent inability to act . 	406
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it . 	The leaders profit today from a new chance and thus let them seize it . 	407
Thank you , Commissioner . 	Thank you , Commissioner . 	408
-LRB- Parliament adopted the legislative resolution -RRB- 	-LRB- Parliament adopted the legislative resolution -RRB- 	409
-LRB- Parliament adopted the legislative resolution -RRB- 	-LRB- the Parliament adopts the legislative resolution -RRB- 	410
It increases the power of the big countries at the expense of the small countries . 	That was to increase the power of the large countries to the detriment of small . 	411
I am one of those Members who attends sittings quite faithfully . 	I am one of those Members who are quite properly here . 	412
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness . 	This regulation opens the door to the arbitrary . 	413
As I already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment . 	As I already explained it in second reading , a crisis is located to the basis of this modification of directive . 	414
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax . 	I make a point of recalling you that among our allies , there are enthusiasts of this tax . 	416
Consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth . 	The users will be the losers , with employees , and European competitiveness and growth will diminish . 	417
As I already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment . 	As I have already explained in second reading , a crisis is on the basis of this amendment of directive . 	418
Consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth . 	The users will be the losers , with employees , and European competitiveness and growth will diminish . 	419
Mr President , I rise in defence of the workers in the industry . 	Mr President , I would like to take the defence of workers in this sector . 	420
Mr President , I rise in defence of the workers in the industry . 	Mr President , I should like to take the defence of workers in this sector . 	422
Consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth . 	The users will be the losers , with the employees , and the competitiveness and the European growths will decline . 	423
There must be a balance as a whole . 	The whole must be in balance . 	424
Unanimous decisions , and hence an inherent incapacity to act , remain largely the norm in the Council . 	We keep unanimity in the Council , and therefore a latent inability to act . 	425
Consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth . 	The users are the losers , with the employees , and the competitiveness and growth european régresseront . 	426
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed . 	The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed . 	427
Thank you , Commissioner . 	Thank you , Commissioner . 	428
Mr President , I rise in defence of the workers in the industry . 	Mr President , I would like to take the defence of workers in this sector . 	429
The standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable . 	The norms are scarcely comparable and again less transférables . 	430
Selective aid , such as market support and a grass subsidy , are essential . 	Specific aid as the support of the market or the premium to grass is essential . 	431
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs . 	Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to the paragraphs . 	432
Consumers will lose out , employees will lose out , Europe will lose competitive strength and growth . 	Consumers will be the losers , with employees , and competitiveness and growth régresseront European . 	433
-LRB- Parliament adopted the legislative resolution -RRB- 	-LRB- Parliament adopted the legislative resolution -RRB- 	434
The leaders have now been given a new chance and let us hope they seize it . 	The leaders now have a new chance and let them therefore take . 	435
The standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable . 	The rules are comparable only good , let alone . 	436
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs . 	Amendment 7 offers certain modifications in references to paragraphs . 	437
That provision could open the door wide to arbitrariness . 	This regulation opens the door to arbitrariness . 	439
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly . 	It is appropriate that the European Union is implied and that it does it quickly . 	440
Amendment No 7 proposes certain changes in the references to paragraphs . 	Amendment No 7 is proposing certain changes in the references to paragraphs . 	441
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed . 	The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed . 	442
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m. 	The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m. 	443
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe . 	We would perhaps have been able to then avoid a disaster . 	444
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m. 	The vote will take place at 5.30 p.m. 	445
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe . 	Often we pride ourselves here to represent the people of Europe . 	446
The standards are scarcely comparable , let alone transferable . 	The standards are hardly comparable and still less transferable . 	447
The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed . 	The fishermen are inactive , tired and disappointed . 	448
As I already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment . 	As I have already explained at second reading , a crisis is at the root of this amendment of directive . 	449
As I already explained during second reading , there is a crisis underlying this directive amendment . 	As I have already explained at second reading , a crisis is on the basis of this amendment of directive . 	450
The European Union has got to do something and do it quickly . 	It is appropriate that the European Union means and that it should do so quickly . 	451
Unfortunately , others separate on the basis of accumulated hatred . 	Other separate unfortunately a accumulated resentment . 	452
Then perhaps we could have avoided a catastrophe . 	We might have been able to prevent a disaster . 	453
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax . 	I would like to remind you that one of our allies , there are strong this tax . 	454
It is our job to continue to support Latvia with the integration of the Russian population . 	It is of our duty of continue to support the country on the issue of the integration of the Russian people . 	455
The vote will take place today at 5.30 p.m. 	Vote will take place at 17 h 30 . 	456
Neither was there a qualified majority within this House to revert to Article 272 . 	There was no qualified majority in this Parliament to go back to Article 272 . 	457
Let me remind you that our allies include fervent supporters of this tax . 	I hold you recall that our allies , there are enthusiastic about this tax . 	458
We often pontificate here about being the representatives of the citizens of Europe . 	We often take pride here to represent the citizens of Europe . 	459
