`` The electrical state at the terminal matches the battery '' `` s electrical state '' 	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal 	1
the closed path is connected to the light bulb 	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery . 	2
because bulb a is contained within the same closed path as the battery 	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery . 	3
there is a damaged bulb 	terminal 6 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal 	4
Bulbs a and c are in separate paths . 	A , B and C are in different paths 	5
You have reached a point where the terminals are not connected to each other . 	the terminals are not connected 	6
had a closed path to the battery 	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery . 	7
There was no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal . 	There is no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal 	8
Not contained in a closed path 	Bulb C was not in a closed path 	9
The battery terminals have different electrical states . 	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals 	10
an open switch causes a gap . 	the open switch creates a gap 	11
Bulb A and bulb C affect each other . 	A and C are in the same closed path 	12
the terminal is separated from the battery terminal 	the terminals are separated by a gap 	13
switch y is not in the same path of bulb a. 	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery 	14
When a switch is open the circuit is no longer complete 	there is an incomplete circuit 	15
Because the positive circuit has a voltage of 1.5 volts . 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	16
the bulb is only connected at the negative connection . 	the battery is in an open path 	17
there is not a terminal connected to the positive path of the battery 	the battery is in an open path 	18
the terminal is not connected to the battery terminal 	the terminals are not connected 	19
there is no gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 5 	There is no gap between terminal 5 and the positive terminal 	20
It cuts the current from the battery 	the path is not closed 	21
bulb a and bulb c were still contained in a closed path with the battery . 	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery 	22
because the gap creates a difference in electrical states 	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals 	23
the battery is contained in a closed path without any devices 	The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components 	24
there is still a closed path 	If bulb A burns out , bulbs B and C are still in a closed path 	25
the are on the same wire 	A and C are in the same closed path 	26
bulb B does not effect the other bulbs 	there is an incomplete circuit 	27
there is a closed path 	bulbs A and B are in a closed path 	28
if there is a gap between the terminals , the voltage will be different . 	Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap . 	29
terminal 1 is connected to the 1.5 volt battery . 	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal 	30
because A and C still have a connection to the battery 	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery 	31
the battery is on a closed path 	the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb 	32
If it is in the same path as the bulb . 	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path 	33
becaquse there was a gap in the connection 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	34
there was a negavtive gap 	terminal 4 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal 	35
if the bulb is contained in a closed path with a switch 	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path 	36
`` because switch z is in bulb c '' `` s closed path '' 	there is a path containing both Z and C 	37
Bulb A and B are still contained within closed paths 	bulbs A and B are in a closed path 	38
a battery always has voltage unless it is damaged 	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals 	39
terminal 6 is connected to postive terminal of battery 	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected 	40
Because terminal 1 is not connected to terminal 6 . 	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected 	41
There is no difference in electrical states . 	Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap 	42
because bulbs are connected to the negative terminal of the battery 	Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal 	43
bulb B and C both still are on a closed path with the battery 	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery 	44
The terminals are not connected 	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected 	45
It is not in the same path as bulb A. 	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery 	46
the blub is not contained in the same closed path as the battery 	The bulb is not in the closed path containing the battery 	47
terminal 1 and terminal 4 are connected 	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected 	48
since a a gap does not affect the voltage of a battery 	Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap 	49
the positive terminal is connected to the bulb 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	50
because 1.5 v minus 0 v equals 1.5 v 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	51
the switch has to be contained in the same path as the bulb and the battery 	The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path 	52
because bulb C was not still contained in a closed path with the battery 	Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery 	53
because it is connected to a bulb that is a closed path 	the battery is in an open path 	54
because there is a gap between terminal 1 and terminal 6 . 	There is a gap between terminals 1 and 6 	55
bulbs A and C are not on the same closed path . 	A and C are not in the same path 	56
Bulb A and B are still contained within a closed path and connected to a battery 	If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery . 	57
because bulb a is in a closed circuit with the battery and switch x 	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X. 	58
the bulbs are on the same path with the battery 	A and C are in the same path 	59
That there is a gap 	there is no gap between the terminals 	60
bulb a is contained in a closed path with the battery 	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery . 	61
terminal 4 is connected to the positive batterty terminal 	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected 	62
because bulb A and B are within the same path 	each bulb is in its own path 	63
Because it was in the same circuit 	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path 	64
Bulbs A and C are in separate paths . 	A and C are in different paths 	65
There was a closed circuit 	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery . 	66
It creates a gap , so no electricity from the battery can flow to the other bulbs . 	there is an open path 	67
Because there is a gap in the circuit . 	there is a gap in the circuit 	68
it was not a closed path 	There was no longer a closed path containing Bulb C and the battery 	69
the battery alone is in a closed path 	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components 	70
Bulbs B and C are contained on the same path with the battery . 	B and C are in the same path with the battery 	71
there was closed paths between the battery 	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery . 	72
Terminal has the same electrical state 	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state 	73
Because bulb A is on a different path than bulbs B and C 	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery . 	74
bulb a was on a closed path 	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery . 	75
the attery is not in a closed path 	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path 	76
because it creates a gap which in turn created an open path 	the open switch creates a gap 	77
when it disrupts a complete path 	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path 	78
terminal 1 is connetced to terminal 4 	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected 	79
There is no gap in the circuit . 	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery . 	80
Bulb A and bulb C are in a closed path with the battery . 	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery . 	81
bulbs a and b are still contained on a closed path with the battery 	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery 	82
because there was no gap from the positive terminal of the battery 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	83
Because it still caught the current from both terminals 	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path 	84
The current has shorted out the battery . 	there is a short circuit 	85
the terminals go from not being connected to being connected to each other . 	the terminals are not connected 	86
Because terminal 1 is connected to the positive battery terminal 	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal 	87
The battery is contaied in a closed path without another component . 	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components 	88
The battery and light bulb are not contained in a close path 	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path 	89
Because one of the bulb terminals is bad , and the other ones are good . 	Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal 	90
Because it was still connected to the battery terminal . 	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery . 	91
There is no gap so there is no difference in voltage 	there is no gap between the terminals 	92
the voltage stays the same within the battery 	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals 	93
Because there is a bulb in one of the paths . 	there is no closed path containing the battery 	94
when a switch and bulb are whithin a closed path 	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path 	95
There is a gap in the circut . 	there is a gap in the circuit 	96
Terminal 1 is connected to terminl 4 . 	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected 	97
the positive battery terminal is separarted by a gap from terminal 3 . 	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	98
terminal 1 is connected to the positive terminal 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	99
Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery 	If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery . 	100
Because Bulb C is not contained on the path of the other bulbs 	A and B have their own path 	101
terminal is connected to postive terminal of the battery 	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected 	102
The voltage does not change . 	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals 	103
The two terminals of a battery will always have different electrical states due to a chemical reaction inside the battery 	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals 	104
The bulb does not effect the others 	there is an incomplete circuit 	105
THE ARE ON THE SAME PATH 	A and C are in the same path 	106
switch z is contained in a closed path 	there is a path containing both Z and C 	107
The battery will have a different electrical state than the circuit 	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals 	108
If one bulb is removed , the others stop working 	A and C are in the same closed path 	109
Terminals 4 , 5 , and 6 are only connected to the positive battery terminal . 	Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal 	110
positive battery is seperated by a gap from terminal 2 	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	111
because there was two negative connections 	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected 	112
ARE ALL ON SEPARATE PATHS 	A and C are in different paths 	113
because switch y is not conatined in the closed path of bulb a and the battery . 	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery 	114
Bulb A and Bulb B and the battery are in a closed path . 	If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery . 	115
if the switch and the bulb are in the same path 	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path 	116
The damaged bulb creates a gap in the path . 	a damaged bulb creates a gap 	117
the bulb is not fully in the path of the circuit 	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components 	118
the positive battery terminal is connected to terminal 4 . 	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected 	119
the positive terminal and terminal 2 are seperated by a gap 	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	120
Both components need to be in closed paths . 	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path 	121
Because bulb B is damaged and does not allow the positive battery current to reach the other side . 	Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are not connected to the positive battery terminal 	122
terminal 6 is connected to postive end of battery and the voltage meter 	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected 	123
A terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal . 	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected 	124
positive terminal is serperated from terminal 2 	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	125
The battery is in an open path to the bulb . 	the battery is in an open path 	126
There will be a gap where the bulb holder is supposed to be 	there is a gap in a circuit 	127
Bulbs B and C will still be on closed paths with the battery 	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery 	128
Bulb A is on its own closed path and bulbs B and C are on the same closed path 	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C 	129
bulb A is connected to switch Z 	There is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A 	130
Terminal 6 is connected to the posititve battery terminal . 	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected 	131
bulb had a short circuit 	there is a complete circuit 	132
Battery will always have voltage . 	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals 	133
It turns off all the bulbs . 	the open switch creates a gap 	134
The voltage is 1.5 because thebulb terminal is connected to the battery terminal . 	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal 	135
because a and c are still in a closed circuit 	Bulbs A and C are in a closed path 	136
the terminals are connedted to the negative terminal of the battery . 	Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal 	137
because those terminals are connected to the positive terminal of the battery . 	Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal 	138
Bulb A was still in a closed path 	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X. 	139
there is a gap in the connection . 	there is no gap between the terminals 	140
there is a closed path , with no lightbulb in the path 	the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb 	141
bulbs a and c are still contained in a closed path with the battery . 	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery 	142
terminal 1 is not connected to the positive battery terminal 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected 	143
the battery is contained in the circuit and the light bulb is not 	the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb 	144
The battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain the voltage , 	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals 	145
Terminal 4 , terminal 5 , and terminal 6 are connected to the positive terminal 	Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal 	146
bulb b and c are contained in the same path with the battery . 	B and C are in the same path with the battery 	147
the negative batter terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 4 	terminal 4 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal 	148
Because the path between the battery and the light bulb is not closed 	the path is not closed 	149
That the terminals are not connected to each other . 	the terminals are not connected 	150
the batteries terminals are not connected 	Circuit 4 has no closed paths 	151
because the path was closed 	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery . 	152
the positive battery terminal is separated by a gap 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	153
if a bulb is in a closed circuit with a battery and a switch the switch will affect the bulb . 	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path 	154
because there is not a closed circuit anymore for bulb c 	Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery 	155
Terminal 5 is connected to teh positive battery terminal 	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected 	156
because the path is short 	the path is not closed 	157
The path it was on 	there is a path containing both Z and C 	158
that the bulb terminal is only connected to one of the battery terminals 	there is no gap between the terminals 	159
Bulbs A and C were still contained on closed paths with the batery 	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery 	160
Terminal five is connected to the positive battery terminal . 	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected 	161
because there is no closed path to the battery 	the path is not closed 	162
terminal one is connected to the negative battery terminal 	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal 	163
when the switch is on a closed path with the bulb 	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path 	164
removing one bulb shuts off the other . 	A and C are in the same closed path 	165
bulb a is in a closed path with a battery 	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery 	166
if the bulb and the switch are contained by a closed path then the switch affects the bulb . 	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path 	167
the bulb will not light 	there is no gap between the terminals 	168
If bulb B is damaged , then the circut is no longer closed . 	there is no closed path 	169
a damaged bulb creates a gap in the path . 	a damaged bulb creates a gap 	170
bulb c and switch z are in the same closed path 	there is a path containing both Z and C 	171
A switch creates a break in the closed path . 	the open switch creates a gap 	172
because the battery has electricity and the gap does not 	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals 	173
It must be in a closed path . 	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path 	174
Circuit 2 is not a short circuit because the battery is not connected to itself . 	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path 	175
bulbs A and B are still connected to the closed circuit containing the battery 	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery 	176
Bulb A and C will still be contained in a closed path with the battery 	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery 	177
terminal is connected to the battery 	Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal 	178
I think the red X means that this is dangerous and should never happen unless something is seriously wrong . 	there is a short circuit 	179
terminal 1is connected to terminal 4 	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected 	180
terminal one is not connected to terminal six 	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected 	181
`` if the switch is included in the bulb '' `` s closed path , then the switch being open will affect the bulb '' 	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb 	182
the path has to be closed for the bulb to light up 	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb 	183
The positive battery was not connected to terminal one . 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected 	184
The circuit is not closed around the battery . 	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path 	185
Because it can go through switch Z 	there is a path containing A , C , Z and X 	186
if the path is closed with the battery , the switch doesnt affect it 	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb 	187
terminal 3 and the positie terminal are not connected . 	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are not connected 	188
because bulb c is not included in the closed path 	There is a closed path with A and B that C is not in . 	189
Terminal 1 and the positive terminal had different electrical states . 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	190
the gap in terminal 2 is postive 	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	191
Bulbs a and c are in separate closed paths with the battery . 	A and C are in different paths with the battery 	192
bulb , battery , and switch are in closed path 	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path 	193
terminals 4 , 5 , and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal 	Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal 	194
Terminal 5 and the positive battery terminal are in the same state . 	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected 	195
bulbs a and c are contained in different paths with the battery 	A and C are in different paths with the battery 	196
Because the battery is not in a closed path . 	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path 	197
bulb a creates a gap 	each bulb is in its own path 	198
Terminal 6 is connected to the positive battery terminal 	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected 	199
we can find the burnt out bulb by finding voltage between different terminals 	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a damaged bulb . 	200
the terminals are on the same side as the negative side of the battery . 	Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal 	201
the positive battery terminal s separated by a gap from terminal 4 	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state 	202
it creates a gap in the current . 	the open switch creates a gap 	203
a terminal is connected to the positive terminal of the battery 	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected 	204
there is not a complete path involving both battery terminals 	there is no closed path containing the battery 	205
Both the light bulb and battery must be in a closed path . 	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path 	206
the two terminals are connected 	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected 	207
because bulb a was still in a closed path with the battery 	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery . 	208
because it has another closed path it can use 	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery 	209
because a and b are in series and a and c are in parallel 	If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path . 	210
It receives current from switche Z. 	there is a path containing A , C , Z and X 	211
the positive batter terminal does not have a gap from terminal 4 	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap 	212
bulbs a and c are not contained ina closed path 	A and C are not in the same path 	213
bulbs b and c are contained on the same path with the battery 	B and C are in the same path with the battery 	214
if x and z are closed then it will create a closed path 	there is a path containing A , C , Z and X 	215
The terminal is connected to a negative terminal . 	there is no gap between the terminals 	216
B and C are not in the same circuit as A. 	each bulb is in its own path 	217
bulb b created a gap 	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state 	218
bulbs b and c creat a gap in the path 	Bulb B is in a separate path 	219
it is not in the same path with the bulb and battery 	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery 	220
b and c will be in their own closed paths with the battery . 	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery 	221
If the switch is on and makes a gap between the bulb and the battery . 	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path 	222
Y is not needed for bulb a to light 	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery 	223
`` because switch y isn '' `` t included in bulb A '' `` s closed path '' 	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path 	224
When the switch is in the path of the bulb . 	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path 	225
the positive battery terminak is separated ba a gap from terminal 4 	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state 	226
can complete the path by having z be closed 	there is a path containing A , C , Z and X 	227
It creates a gap in the circut . 	the open switch creates a gap 	228
Bulb B and C were contained in a closed path with the battery 	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery . 	229
it runs on a different current 	If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery . 	230
a closed circuit containing a bulb and a battery 	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery 	231
Because the bulb is connected correctly . 	the battery is in an open path 	232
the battery is contained in a closed path 	There is still a closed path 	233
Bulb B and C are still contained in a path with the battery 	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery 	234
`` bulb A '' `` s path only contained switch Z '' 	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path 	235
the gap separates the positive battery terminal from terminal 2 	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	236
Because the battery runs in a closed circuit . 	there is an incomplete circuit 	237
Each circuit must have a connection . 	there is a complete circuit 	238
terminal connected to positive charge 	Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal 	239
because it was not contained in the closed path . 	there is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A 	240
bulbs b and c have separate paths within the closed circuit 	If bulb A burns out , B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery 	241
If the path is not closed , the switch will not affect the bbulb 	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb 	242
there is a gap between teh positive battery terminal and terminal 4 . 	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state 	243
Voltage is the difference between a positive and negative terminal on the battery . 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	244
terminal 6 is connected to a positive battery terminal 	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected 	245
there is a gap between terminal 3 and the positive terminal 	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	246
bulb c was not connected to the battery . 	Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery 	247
because terminal 4 is connected to the positive terminal but not the negative terminal 	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected 	248
the gap separates the positive battery terminal from terminal 1 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	249
Circuit 2 is not a short circuit because the battery is not in a closed path with itself . 	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path 	250
terminal 1 was connected to the positive terminal 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	251
`` Without A , there '' `` s no closed path '' 	If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path 	252
because the battery is not in a closed circuit 	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path 	253
A closed path with a battery and bulb 	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery 	254
the bulb terminal and the negative battery terminal are separated by a gap 	there is no gap between the terminals 	255
Bulb A will create a gap in the path 	If bulb A burns out , B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery 	256
A damaged bulb creates a gap in the path 	a damaged bulb creates a gap 	257
the gap in the circuit causes the circuit to be an open circuit 	there is a gap in a circuit 	258
the paths of the circuit are no longer complete 	there is an incomplete circuit 	259
The battery and bulb need to be in a closed path together . 	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path 	260
because it is still connected to a batery 	there is no closed path containing the battery 	261
the bulb only has one terminal connected 	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components 	262
There is a difference in electrical states . 	the terminals are not connected 	263
Because the two terminals will always have different electrical states . 	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals 	264
the battery is in a closed path with itself . 	The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components 	265
there will be a gap 	If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path 	266
Bulb A is within its own closed path and independent of B and C 	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C 	267
Bulb B and bulb C are still in closed paths . 	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery 	268
Bulb A is not in the same path as bulbs B and C. 	If bulb A burns out , B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery 	269
terminal 1 , terminal 2 , and terminal 3 are connected o the negative battery 	Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal 	270
the battery is containing a negative charge only 	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path 	271
bulb a and bulb c were still in a closed path with the battery 	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery 	272
if bulb A burns out then bulbs B and C will no longer be in a closed path . 	If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path 	273
Terminal 5 is only connected to the positive battery terminal . 	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected 	274
not connected to positive battery 	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are not connected 	275
terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal 	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal 	276
bulb a and c are contained in different paths with the battery 	A and C are in different paths with the battery 	277
Because there is a light bulb 	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path 	278
bulbs b and c are contiained in the the same path with the battery . 	A and C are not in the same path with the battery 	279
the positive terminal and terminal 1 are seperated by a gap 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	280
b and c are both parts of complete circuts to the battery 	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery 	281
If it is a part of a circut that contains a bulb and a battery . 	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path 	282
Because bulb A will still be contained on a closed path to the battery . 	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery 	283
Because the voltage does not reach the bulbs . 	the path is not closed 	284
there is a gap between the bul and battery terminal . 	there is no gap between the terminals 	285
a damaged bulb does not make a connecton so the circut is not complete 	there is an incomplete circuit 	286
because bulbs B and C were still in a closed path with the battery . 	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery . 	287
bulbs b and c remain in a closed path with the battery 	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery 	288
if the electrical state is non-zero you can find the gap in the circuit 	A non-zero voltage means that there is a gap 	289
a terminal is connected to the positive battery terminal 	the terminals are not connected 	290
the terminal it is connected to is not working 	there is no gap between the terminals 	291
If bulb B is damaged there is a gap in the circuit 	there is a gap in a circuit 	292
We switched the terminals around . 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	293
Bulb a created a gap 	If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path 	294
bulb a is in a complete circuit with the battery when switch z is closed . 	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch Z. 	295
Switch Y was not on the path of bulb A. 	There is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A 	296
if it is open and the bulb is no longer and a closed path because it is open 	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path 	297
The battery is not closed in a closed path . 	Circuit 4 has no closed paths 	298
It is in the same closed path . 	there is an open path 	299
Bulbs A and B are not within the same path as bulb C. 	Bulb C is in a separate path 	300
It breaks the circuit flow between the battery and the bulbs 	a damaged bulb creates a gap 	301
because there is a gap because bulb b is damaged 	Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap 	302
the negative battery terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 6 	terminal 6 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal 	303
there is no short circuit to the battery . 	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals 	304
there is a gap between terminals 1 and 2 from the positive battery terminal 	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state 	305
because bulb b and c were still in a closed path with the battery 	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery . 	306
bulb A and switch Z are in a closed path 	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch Z. 	307
There is a gap in the path . 	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state 	308
Closed connection between the bulb and the battery . 	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery 	309
both are on same closed paths 	B and C are in the same path with the battery 	310
when it creates an open path 	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path 	311
it helps because you find the gap where the terminals are disconnected 	Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap . 	312
bulbs a and c are on a closed path with the battery 	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery 	313
connected to the negative terminal 	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected 	314
there is a gap between terminal one and two and the positive battery terminal 	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state 	315
if C is damaged , the bulb A and B ae contained in a closed path 	If C is damaged , A and B are still in a closed path 	316
A GAP WIL BE CREATED 	If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path 	317
bulbs a , b , and c are on a path with the battery 	A and C are in the same path 	318
Bulb A , bulb B and bulb C are in different closed paths . 	A and C are in different paths 	319
the positive battery terminal has no gaps from terminal 4 	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap 	320
Circuit 2 is not a short circuit because is shows connection to the bulb . 	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path 	321
There must be a closed path and a battery . 	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery 	322
because an open switch creates a gap . 	the open switch creates a gap 	323
a and c are on the same closed path with the battery 	A and C are in the same closed path 	324
bulbs A and B are still connected to the closed path containing the battery 	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery 	325
bulb C and A are contained in the same path with the battery 	A and C are in different paths 	326
because each bulb has its own pathway 	each bulb is in its own path 	327
when the switch is the in a closed path with the bulb 	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path 	328
becasue the terminals 4,5 , and 6 are connected to the positive terminal of the battery 	Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal 	329
bulbs b and c were in a closed paty with the battery . 	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery . 	330
An open switch means the circuit is not a closed path . 	the path is not closed 	331
bulb a is in the closed path 	If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path 	332
for the same reason as 3 	terminal 5 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal 	333
switch z is closed so it still creates a complete path to the battery 	there is still a closed path containing Switch Z , Switch X , Bulbs A and C and the battery 	334
there terminals are separated by a gap when the voltage jumps from 0 to 1.5 . 	the terminals are separated by a gap 	335
The light bulb is not in a closed path 	the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb 	336
it breaks the closed circuit 	the open switch creates a gap 	337
The negative battery terminal is seperated by a gap from terminal 1 and 2 	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state 	338
Bulb A and Bulb C are contained in different paths with the battery . 	A and C are in different paths with the battery 	339
the switch has to be within a closed path with the bulb and battery 	The switch and the bulb have to be in the same path 	340
the battery is not in a closed bath alone 	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path 	341
Blub A and bulb C are contained in different paths with the same battery . 	A and C are in different paths with the battery 	342
terminal 1 and 4 connected 	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected 	343
Terminal 1 and terminal 2 are on the same side . 	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected 	344
a short circuit has occured 	there is a short circuit 	345
Tells you that there is a gap 	there is no gap between the terminals 	346
the bulb is not contained in the path 	The bulb is not in the closed path containing the battery 	347
a terminal is connected to the positive terminal of the battery 	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected 	348
The positive terminal is connected to terminal 4 . 	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected 	349
Bulbs A and C were still on closed paths with the battery 	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery 	350
Switch Y was in a dfferent path 	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path 	351
It was in the same path as switch X. 	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X. 	352
if the path is open or closed 	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb 	353
the battery is not contained in a closed path 	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path 	354
Because switch Y and Z are also connected to bulb A. 	there is a path containing A , C , Z and X 	355
if both bulbs are contained within a closed path 	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path 	356
bulb a will burn out with bulb C 	If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery . 	357
terminal 1 and 2 have the same voltage because there is a working bulb connected to the negative battery terminal . 	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state 	358
Because there is a gap . 	there is a gap in a circuit 	359
There is no gap between the positive terminal and terminal 4 	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap 	360
It is not a closed path . 	the path is not closed 	361
that there is no difference in electrical states of the two terminals 	The terminals are in the same state . 	362
There is still a closed path containing bulb B and C with the battery . 	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery 	363
because it has a positive terminal 	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals 	364
terminal one is connected to a positive battery terminal 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	365
Terminal one is not connected to the positive battery terminal 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected 	366
a voltage reading of 0 volts indicates a gap in the circuit . 	there is no gap between the terminals 	367
bulb a and c are contained on the same path with the battery 	A and C are not in the same path with the battery 	368
the battery is in a closed path but connects with nothing else 	The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components 	369
the terminals must have a difference in electrical states to have voltage 	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals 	370
the two components are seperated . 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	371
because positive charge is before gap 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	372
Switch Y is not on the path of bulb A. 	There is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A 	373
There is a gap between the two bulb terminals 	the terminals are separated by a gap 	374
the positive terminal and terminal 6 are connected 	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected 	375
the bulb is contained in an closed circuit 	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb 	376
battery is contained on a closed path 	The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components 	377
it always has the same voltage due to a chemical reaction inside of it 	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals 	378
terminals are separated by a gay between the positive and negative terminals of the battery 	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state 	379
Terminal 1 and terminal 2 are connected to the negative terminal of the battery 	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state 	380
Because it has one regardless of the circuit 	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals 	381
because of the gap in bulb B 	Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are separated from the negative battery terminal by a gap 	382
the electrical states between the terminals is the same , resulting in 0 	The terminals are in the same state . 	383
the positive terminal is connected to terminal 6 	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected 	384
because it would cause a gap 	If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path 	385
closed paths from the battery 	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path 	386
Switch Y did not effect bulb A 	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path 	387
Bulbs A and B will still be contained in a closed path to the battery . 	bulbs A and B are still in closed paths with the battery 	388
Battery is not contained i a closed path . 	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path 	389
Voltage is the difference between a positive and negative end on the battery . 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	390
switch Y does not effect bulb A 	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path 	391
bulb b and c are in a closed path 	B and C are in the same path 	392
battery is contained in bulb 	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components 	393
because there was a gap in the pathway . 	there is a path containing both Z and C 	394
Bulb B and bulb C are contained in different paths with the battery 	B and C are in the same path with the battery 	395
The positive terminal is not seperated from the gap 	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap 	396
`` becuase bulb C is on it '' `` s own pathway . '' 	Bulb C is in a separate path 	397
a connection to the battery 	there is a complete circuit 	398
You needed both a battery and a blub with the same path , and the path must be closed 	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery 	399
there is a gap between terminal one and two 	There is no gap between them 	400
there is not a gap in the connection 	the terminals are not separated by a gap 	401
The switch determines whether the path is open or closed . 	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb 	402
A switch will affect a bulb it the bulb and the switch are in the path as the battery 	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path 	403
there is a gap in the circuit 	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected 	404
The bulb is in a closed circuit and the battery exists in that circuit 	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path 	405
positive battery terminal is not separated by a gap from terminal 4 	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap 	406
the other bulb will not light . 	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path 	407
because bulbs b and c are on a closed path with the battery 	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery . 	408
there is not gap between the terminals 	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal 	409
because there is a positive and negative connections 	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected 	410
because it had no gap between the terminals 	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery . 	411
the battery is not closed the bulb is . 	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path 	412
Terminal 1 is not connected to the positive terminal . 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected 	413
a terminal is connected to the negative battery terminal 	the terminals are not connected 	414
the positive battery terminal and terminal 1 are not connected 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected 	415
there is a difference in electrical states 	the terminals are separated by a gap 	416
because it is still in a closed circuit 	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery . 	417
there would be a gap in the circuit 	there is a gap in a circuit 	418
The battery uses the chemical reation to create voltage 	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals 	419
terminal 6 is connected to the difference 	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected 	420
the positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 4 	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state 	421
A switch contained in a closed path with a bulb and a battery will affect the bulb . 	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb 	422
because the positive terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 3 	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	423
it is not in the same path . 	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery 	424
damaged bulb creates a gap . 	a damaged bulb creates a gap 	425
the voltage is nearest the burnt out bulb 	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a damaged bulb . 	426
it allows you to measure electrical states between terminals 	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap . 	427
circuit 5 is in a closed path . 	the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb 	428
B and C were still contained in a closed circuit with the battery 	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery . 	429
It will help find where the gap in the circuit is . 	Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap . 	430
`` the battery terminals don '' `` t connect without any devices '' 	the battery is in an open path 	431
terminal is connected to postive end of battery 	Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal 	432
because it opens the circuit , therefore the circuit is not closed 	the path is not closed 	433
because the battery is in a closed path . 	the battery is contained in a closed path in which there is no bulb 	434
Because neither components are in closed paths . 	Circuit 4 has no closed paths 	435
switch X does not effect bulbs B and C 	There is a path with B and C that does not include X 	436
Bulb A will no longer be completing the circuts . 	If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path 	437
Switch Y is in a different path than Bulb A 	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path 	438
there is no path through bulb b. 	there is an incomplete circuit 	439
still have connection to battery 	If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery . 	440
it was a closed path 	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery . 	441
bulb c creates a gap 	If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery . 	442
terminal 4 , terminal 5 , and terminal 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal 	Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal 	443
Bulb C and the battery are not contained in a closed pathway 	Bulb C was no longer in a closed path with the battery 	444
because there was a gap in the terminals 	there is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A 	445
bulb c does not create a gap in the path for bulb b and a 	If C is damaged , A and B are still in a closed path 	446
If the other bulb is no longer contained in a closed path with the battery 	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path 	447
both are on the same side of the circuit 	Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are connected to the negative battery terminal 	448
there is no gap between the positive battery terminal and terminal 6 	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap 	449
Because terminal 1 had no gap . 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	450
It stops the flow of electricity . 	there is an open path 	451
because terminal 1 and the neavtive terminal are seperated . 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	452
Terminal 1 is connected to the negative terminal . 	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal 	453
The voltage has the same electrical state between any two terminals . 	Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap 	454
It makes the circuit incomplete . 	there is an incomplete circuit 	455
Because there is no gap at terminal 1 	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal 	456
Bulb A and B will still be in a contained path . 	If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path . 	457
terminal 1 and terminal 6 are seperated by a gap 	Terminals 1 and 6 are separated by the gap 	458
if the switch and bulb are contained in the same path , the switch will affect the bulb . 	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path 	459
because bulbs A and C are contained in different paths with the battery 	A and C are in different paths with the battery 	460
yes bulb A was on 	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery . 	461
bulb a and bulb c are contained in different paths with the bttery . 	A and C are in different paths with the battery 	462
Because the batter termnal was not separted by a gap from terminal . 	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap 	463
if the path is open the bulb will be off 	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb 	464
It will locate the gap . 	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected . 	465
Bulb terminals 3 and 4 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	466
Bulb A is contain in a closed path 	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery . 	467
because bulb a is in a closed path , and bulb c is in a closed path . 	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths 	468
Bulb A and C are contained in different paths with the battery . 	A and C are in different paths with the battery 	469
A and B are off 	there is an incomplete circuit 	470
if switches X and Z are closed it will complete the closed circuit for bulb A 	there is still a closed path containing Switch Z , Switch X , Bulbs A and C and the battery 	471
Bulb a was in a closed path with a battery . 	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery . 	472
An open switch stops the energy flow 	the path is not closed 	473
bulbs b and c were contained in a closed path with the battery . 	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery . 	474
bulbs a and c affect each other . 	A and C are in the same path 	475
there is a closed path to the battery 	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery 	476
it checks the electrical state between two terminals . 	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap . 	477
Because the electricity will not flow through the wires if the circuit path is incomplete . 	there is an incomplete circuit 	478
Because it was connected to the positive side . 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	479
Find where there are different electrical states 	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap . 	480
the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path 	If bulb A burns out , bulbs B and C are still in a closed path 	481
there was a closed path not effected by the switch 	There is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A 	482
because the electrical states between the two battery terminals will be different no matter what 	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals 	483
the the bulb terminal disconnected from the battery terminal 	the terminals are not connected 	484
Terminal 1 is seperated from the positive terminal 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	485
because the paths were still in a closed circuit with the battery terminal 	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery 	486
because bulb a is in a closed path with the battery . 	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery 	487
there is a gap in terminal 1 	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state 	488
because of the gap in bulb b 	Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap 	489
the positive battery terminal is connected to terminal 6 	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected 	490
because of the gap in bulb b. 	Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are not connected to the negative battery terminal 	491
bulb a , bulb b , and bulb c are contained in differentclosed paths . 	A and C are in different paths with the battery 	492
The path contains the light bulb and the path is not closed . 	There is no closed path 	493
bulb b and bulb c are contained within a closed path 	B and C are in the same path with the battery 	494
Because the battery and the bulb are not in a closed path . 	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path 	495
if the damaged lightbulb is contained in the closed circuit 	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path 	496
terminal is connected to terminal 6 	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected 	497
bulbs A and C are not contained in the same closed path . 	A and C are not in the same path 	498
Because terminal 4 is connected to the negative terminal 	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state 	499
The bulb and the battery are connected 	the battery is in an open path 	500
an incomplete circuit would not effect the the electrical state between the terminals . 	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals 	501
Because the switch was connected to the closed circuit 	there is no path containing both switch Y and bulb A 	502
Bulb A and Bulb C are not contained in the same closed path 	A and C are not in the same path 	503
The positive battery terminal is seperated from the negative battery terminal 	there is no gap between the terminals 	504
it creates a gap in the circuit 	a damaged bulb creates a gap 	505
because terminal one and the positive battery terminal are on a closed path 	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal 	506
the voltage is the difference between the electrical state of the terminals . 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	507
Because there is no gap between terminal 4 and the positive terminal 	There is no gap between terminal 4 and the positive terminal 	508
there is a closed path , with switch z , that contains bulb a and the battery 	there is a path containing A , C , Z and the battery 	509
Circuit 4 is not a short circuit because the battery is not contained in a closed path . 	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path 	510
for the same reason as 1 	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are not connected 	511
The positive battery terminal was not separted by a gap from terminal 6 	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap 	512
gap in circuit at bulb B causes the voltage reading to be 0 	terminal 4 is separated by a gap from the negative battery terminal 	513
a gap in the circuit does not affect the voltage of the battery . 	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals 	514
because a battery will always have a voltage even if it is 0 	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals 	515
the positive terminal and negative terminal are not connected 	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals 	516
terminal 6 is connected to the positive terminal of the battery 	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected 	517
bulbs will be affected by switches that are in the path 	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb 	518
and the circut is closed 	A and C are in the same closed path 	519
if a path is connected to an oen switch , the bulb will be off . 	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb 	520
all the bulbs are on parralel paths 	A and C are in different paths 	521
terminal 6 is conncted to the positive terminal 	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected 	522
because if there is a voltage that means there is a gap 	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap . 	523
Terminal 4 is connected to the positve battery terminal and terminal 4 is not seperated by a gap 	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected 	524
Terminal 5 is connected to the postitive battery terminal 	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected 	525
because bulb a was in a closed circuit with the battery 	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery . 	526
circuit 2 is connected to the battery 	there is no closed path containing the battery 	527
Seperate paths connected to the battery 	If bulb A burns out , B and C are no longer in a closed path with the battery 	528
The path does not close 	the battery is in an open path 	529
Bulbs A and C will still be on their own completed circuts . 	Bulbs A and C are in a closed path 	530
Bulb B and bulb C are still on closed paths with the battery . 	bulbs A and B are still in closed paths with the battery 	531
A terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal . 	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected 	532
`` because by measuring voltage , you find the gap where there '' `` s a difference in electrical states . '' 	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap . 	533
bulb b is not in the same path with bulbs a and c. 	Bulb B is in a separate path 	534
the bulb is not contained in a closed path . 	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components 	535
there is still a closed path that contains the battery and bulb a and bulb c 	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery 	536
When it creates a gap . 	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path 	537
Terminal 6 is connected to the positive battery terminal 	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected 	538
If the path is directly connected to the battery , then the switch affects a bulb . 	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb 	539
terminal 1 and terminal 2 possess no difference 	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state 	540
There are other closed path without bulb B 	Bulbs A and C are in a closed path 	541
Because the positive batter terminal and terminal 6 were connected . 	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected 	542
bulbs B and C are on the same path as the battery 	B and C are in the same path with the battery 	543
terminal 1 is connected to terminal 6 	Terminals 1 and 6 are separated by the gap 	544
because the terminals are not connected 	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals 	545
becuase the other terminals are connected to the positive battery terminal 	Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal 	546
Bulb C will create a gap in the path 	each bulb is in its own path 	547
because it creates a gap bewtween the battery and the other paths 	If bulb A burns out , bulbs B and C are still in a closed path 	548
switch x is in the closed path with bulb a 	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch X. 	549
There will be a gap at one point in time and there will be a voltage decrease so you know . 	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are separated by a gap . 	550
Because there is a gap due to a damaged bulb . 	Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap 	551
A chemical reaction inside the battery makes the electrical states of the positive and negative terminals different at all times . 	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals 	552
different paths with the battery 	B and C are in the same path with the battery 	553
the is an open path 	the battery is in an open path 	554
terminal 6 is directly connected to the positive terminal . 	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected 	555
when the switch is connected between the bulb and the battery 	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path 	556
because it creates a gap , so the circuit becomes incomplete 	a damaged bulb creates a gap 	557
Bulb B is in a independent path 	Bulb B is in a separate path 	558
The ppositive battery terminal is connected in terminal 6 . 	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are connected 	559
there will be a gap between the positive battery terminal and the bulb terminal 	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected . 	560
there will be a gap at bulb b , thus affecting the rest of the circuit 	bulb B creates a gap 	561
Terminal 1 is connected to terminal 2 	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected 	562
A terminal is connected to a bulb . 	Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap 	563
`` the electrical state difference between the battery '' `` s two terminals '' 	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals 	564
Only one terminal is involved in the circuit . 	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path 	565
has to do something with a gap 	Terminal 2 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	566
because of the chemical in the battery 	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals 	567
Because the path connecting the bulbs will be damaged 	there is a gap in a circuit 	568
again , bulbs a and b will be contained on a closed path 	If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path . 	569
complete path including a battery and a bulb 	there is a closed path containing both the bulb and a battery 	570
Because it buld A was in a closed path with a battery . 	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery . 	571
it contains a bulb and does not complete a full circuit to the battery 	The battery in 2 is not in a closed path 	572
Because it is not on the same path 	If bulb A burns out , bulbs B and C are still in a closed path 	573
A battery should connect to a bulb in a closed path . 	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path 	574
terminal 1 and the positive terminal are connected . 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	575
because there is no gap between the terminals 	terminal 1 is not separated from the negative battery terminal 	576
terminal 1 and 2 are connected to the negtive terminal of the battery 	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected 	577
There is always a difference in voltage between two battery terminals . 	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals 	578
a batter uses a chemical reaction to create voltage 	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals 	579
there was a gap in the circuit that C was on 	Bulb C was not in a closed path 	580
Terminal 5 is connected to the postive battery terminal 	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected 	581
When the switch is in the same papth as the bulb . 	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path 	582
that the bulb terminal and battery terminal are on the same side of a disconnected circut 	The terminals are in the same state . 	583
It tells you that it is connected to a positive battery terminal . 	there is no gap between the terminals 	584
There are 2 paths in this diagram 	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C 	585
bulb a was still contained in a closed path with the battery . 	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery . 	586
There has to be a closed circuit battery . 	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path 	587
Because the bulb does not have a closed path . 	The bulb is not in the closed path containing the battery 	588
becuase breaking one bulb then affects the ability of the others to light up . 	A and C are in the same closed path 	589
because terminal 1 is directly connected to terminal 4 	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected 	590
both bulbs a and c still have a closed path 	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths 	591
Voltage is the difference between a positive and negative end on a battery . 	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal 	592
bulb a and bulb c are not on the same path as bulb B 	A , B and C are in different paths 	593
the positive battery terminal and terminal 5 are connected 	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected 	594
its not recieving from either the negative or positive terminal 	there is no gap between the terminals 	595
Terminal 4 is connected to the positive battery terminal . 	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected 	596
if a bulb and a switch are contained in the same closed path , the switch affects the bulb . 	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path 	597
bulb c is in its own pathway 	Bulb C is in a separate path 	598
Bulb A and C still had a closed path with the battery . 	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery 	599
the battery always has a voltage because there is a positive terminal and there is a negative terminal . 	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals 	600
The positive terminal has 1.5 V 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	601
you can see where the gap is 	Measuring voltage indicates the place where the electrical state changes due to a gap . 	602
the bulb is in a closed circuit 	the battery is in an open path 	603
not seperated by a gap 	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap 	604
A terminal is not connected to the negative battery terminal . 	Terminals 1 and 6 are not connected 	605
bulbs a , b , and c are all in the same path . 	A and C are in the same path 	606
because voltage measures the difference between two points 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	607
bulb a is on a closed path with the battery 	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C 	608
The battery and the bulb must be in a closed path together . 	the bulb and the battery are in a closed path 	609
The difference between the electrical states is 1.5 volts 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	610
The bulb takes away the path . 	there is an open path 	611
Bulb C was in an open path , 	Bulb C was not in a closed path 	612
both bulbs B and C are in the same path as bulb A 	If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path 	613
There is no difference between the two terminals . 	The terminals are in the same state . 	614
Bulb a and switch Y are not in the same path . 	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path 	615
Bulb A is not on the same path that Bulb B and bulb C are . 	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C 	616
A red X means the battery is in a short circuit . 	there is a short circuit 	617
if the switch is open in a path with the battery and bulb . 	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path 	618
bulb a and bulb b are still in a closed path with the battery . 	bulbs A and B are still in closed paths with the battery 	619
bulbs a and c are not in the same closed path as bulb b 	Bulb B is in a separate path 	620
If any bulb is out , it affects the whole system and everything is blocked from the battery . 	each bulb is in its own path 	621
because the terminals are in the same state 	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal 	622
4 , 5 , and 6 are connected to the positive side 	Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal 	623
It is an open path . 	there is a short circuit 	624
because the the circuit is complete . 	the path is not closed 	625
for the same reason as 3 	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap 	626
the path will have a gap 	each bulb is in its own path 	627
Because their is a gap between A and C now . 	there is an incomplete circuit 	628
terminal 1 and terminal 4 are the same 	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected and in the same electrical state 	629
the red x means that the circuit is not safe . 	there is a short circuit 	630
There is still a closed path that contains the battery , Bulb B , and Bulb C. 	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery 	631
4 5 and 6 are not connected to negative battery terminal 	Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are not connected to the negative battery terminal 	632
It breaks the closed path . 	the open switch creates a gap 	633
bulbs b anc c are on the same closed path with the battery but seperate from bulb a 	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C 	634
`` Because it didn '' `` t cause a gap . '' 	each bulb is in its own path 	635
the terminal is connected to the battery 	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal 	636
turning off one bulb will not turn off another bulb 	A and C are in different paths 	637
terminal 5 is connected to postive terminal of the battery 	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected 	638
If the switch is contained in the same path with the Bulb 	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path 	639
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 4 . 	There is no gap between terminals 1 and 4 	640
the other terminals are connected to the positive terminal . 	Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal 	641
because there is no closed path 	the path is not closed 	642
because it creates a gap in the circuit . 	a damaged bulb creates a gap 	643
A is on a cloosed battery 	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery . 	644
The light bulb must be connected to both sides of the battery and there must be a closed circuit . 	there is a complete circuit 	645
terminal 5 is connected to the positive battery terminal . 	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected 	646
If a switch is open , the circut is no longer closed . 	the path is not closed 	647
bulb b and c are still in a closed path with the battery . 	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery 	648
the terminal is not connected to the positive battery terminal 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected 	649
bulb b did not create a gap in the path for bulb a and c 	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths 	650
the positive battery terminal and terminal 4 are connected 	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are connected 	651
the closed path still existed for bulb A even though switch Y was open 	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery . 	652
Bulb A was still in a closed path with the battery 	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery . 	653
because it opens the circuit 	there is an open path 	654
terminal 1 was connected to the positive battery terminal 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	655
Bulbs A and B are not on the same path as Bulb C. 	Bulb C is in a separate path 	656
the path passes the energy through the switch 	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb 	657
The open switch makes the path open 	there is an open path 	658
bulbs a b and c are on a closed path 	A and C are in the same closed path 	659
because all the terminals are connected to other terminals , an open switch disrupts that . 	the open switch creates a gap 	660
terminal 1 is connected to terminal 4 	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected 	661
the positive terminal is not seperated by a gap from terminal 5 	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap 	662
There is no connection between the bulb terminal and the battery terminal . 	the terminals are not connected 	663
The battery is not in a closed path . 	The battery in 4 is not in a closed path 	664
there is a gap in the circuit 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	665
There will be a gap in the path 	If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path 	666
Because the terminals are not in a closed path , so you are giving the voltage of the battery itself 	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals 	667
because of the gap at bulb b 	Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap 	668
switch Y does not affect the closed circuit of bulb A 	Switch Y and bulb A are not in the same closed path 	669
electrical states will determine whether there is a gap or connection in the circuit 	Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap . 	670
Because a closed circuit was formed . 	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery . 	671
If the switch and the bulb are in the same path . 	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path 	672
because the outcome of the bulb will not affect each other 	A and C are not in the same path with the battery 	673
You can find where there is a gap 	Measuring voltage indicates whether two terminals are separated by a gap . 	674
it is in a closed path with the battery 	there is a path containing A , C , Z and the battery 	675
Bulb A and bulb C are still on a closed path that contains the battery . 	Bulbs A and C are still in closed paths with the battery 	676
the swithch affects the bulb if it is on the same path 	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path 	677
The battery is contained in a closed circuit and there is nothing in its pathway 	The battery is contained in a closed path which does not contain any other components 	678
Bulb A and bulb b are still contained in closed paths with the battery 	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery 	679
I guess because it is in the center . 	Bulb B is in a separate path 	680
because the two ends of the battery do not connect to one another 	the battery is in an open path 	681
The battery keeps a chemical reaction reaction . 	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals 	682
terminals 4,5 , and 6 are connected to the positive terminal 	Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal 	683
the positive battery terminal is not connected 	There is no gap between terminal 6 and the positive terminal 	684
a large one , if it is closed it will light up but if it is open it will not 	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb 	685
Bulb A is on a closed circut path 	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery . 	686
If the bulb is on the same closed path 	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path 	687
One side is closed the other side is open . 	the battery is in an open path 	688
bulb a was contained on a closed path with the battery 	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery . 	689
It is a closed path . 	there is no closed path containing the battery 	690
there is a path from bulb to battery 	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery . 	691
Through bulb A , bulb B is still contained in a closed path to the battery . 	If C burns out then A and B are still in a closed path with the battery 	692
if switch and bulb are contained in the same closed path 	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path 	693
Bulbs B and C werer still contained in a closed path with the battery . 	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery . 	694
because the positive battery terminal is not separated by a gap from terminal 6 . 	Terminal 6 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap 	695
gap between 3 and positive battery 	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	696
there is no closed path in circuit 4 . 	Circuit 4 has no closed paths 	697
because the voltage doesnt change in the battery 	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals 	698
A IS ON ITS ON PATH B AND C SHARE A PATH 	there is a path containing A and a different path containing B and C 	699
There is a chemical reaction . 	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals 	700
Bulbs have to be contained in closed paths with the battery 	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path 	701
bulb a is in a closed circuit with the battery without the y switch . 	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery 	702
bulbs a and c are contained in different paths with the battery . 	A and C are in different paths with the battery 	703
Switch Z is in the same path as bulb A 	Bulb A is still contained in a closed path with the battery and switch Z. 	704
not contained inthe same path 	If C burns out , then A and B are still in a closed path . 	705
bulb b and c are on a closed path to the battery 	If bulb A burns out , bulbs B and C are still in a closed path 	706
there are still complete paths to the battery for B and C 	bulbs B and C are still in closed paths with the battery 	707
Because the two terminals are connected 	Terminals 1 and 4 are connected 	708
bulb a creates a gap 	If bulb A burns out , neither B nor C is in a closed path 	709
there was a gap from terminal 2 to terminal 6 	Terminals 1 and 2 are in the same electrical state 	710
it was still on a closed path 	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery . 	711
There is a gap in the circuit . 	there is a gap in a circuit 	712
The positive battery terminal is separated by a gap from terminal 4 . 	Terminal 4 and the positive battery terminal are in the same electrical state 	713
there is a gap between the positive battery connection and the bulb terminal . 	there is no gap between the terminals 	714
a gap causes a lost connection 	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected . 	715
The electrical state is interferred with . 	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected . 	716
because bulb c was in an open path 	Bulb C was not in a closed path 	717
bulb a is on a closed path with the battery 	Bulb A is still in a closed path with the battery 	718
because the battery has its own chemical reacion between the positive and negative tterminals it contains 	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals 	719
a terminal is connected to the positive terminal of the battery 	Terminal 5 and the positive terminal are connected 	720
a terminal is connected to another terminal 	Terminals 4 , 5 and 6 are connected to the positive battery terminal 	721
Bulb A and C are still in a closed path with the battery . 	Bulbs A and C are still contained in closed paths with the battery 	722
When the switch is in the same path as the bulb . 	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path 	723
because each bulb has its own complete path 	each bulb is in its own path 	724
The positive battery terminal was not seperated by a gap from terminal 4 . 	Terminal 4 and the positive terminal are not separated by the gap 	725
terminal 6 is connected to terminal 1 	Terminals 1 and 6 are separated by the gap 	726
bulb a and bulb c are wired in parallel 	A and C are in different paths 	727
that the battery connection does not work 	there is a short circuit 	728
if there is a gap in the circuit there the bulb will not light up . 	A non-zero voltage means that the terminals are not connected . 	729
terminal 1 and 2 have the same difference in electrical states 	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected and in the same electrical state 	730
The path must be closed 	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb 	731
it was connected to the positive terminal 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	732
It has its own path connected to the battery 	each bulb is in its own path 	733
if it is in the same path as the bulb 	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path 	734
the battery is in a closed path . 	the battery is contained in a path in which there is no bulb 	735
Bulb A has a closed pathway 	Bulb A was still contained in the same closed path with the battery . 	736
it depends on whether its an open or closed path 	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb 	737
Because terminal 1 is seperated from the positive battery terminal . 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	738
When it is on the same pathway as the batter and the bulb . 	When the switch and the bulb are contained in the same path 	739
because there is a difference in electrial states between the two terminals 	A battery uses a chemical reaction to maintain different electrical states at the terminals 	740
The are both connected the negative battery terminal . 	Terminals 1 and 2 are connected 	741
the two terminals will both be 0 	The terminals are in the same state . 	742
The damaged bulb B has left a gap in the path so the charge can not reach it 	Terminals 1 , 2 and 3 are separated from the positive battery terminal by a gap 	743
A closed path with a battery enables the bulb to be on . 	If a bulb and a switch are in the same path the switch affects the bulb 	744
the bulb will be burned out because the terminals 	The damaged bulb and the other bulb must be contained in the same path 	745
The battery is in a closed path that does not contain any other components . 	The battery is contained in a path which does not contain any other components 	746
the terminals are not connected 	Terminal 1 and the positive terminal are not connected 	747
because bulbs b and c are in a closed path with the battery . 	Bulb B and Bulb C were still contained in the same closed path with the battery . 	748
because there was a positive and negative connection 	terminal 1 is connected to the negative battery terminal 	749
it was seperated by a gap from terminal 3 	Terminal 3 and the positive terminal are separated by the gap 	750
