hollywood will be require occasionally to cast english actor as good guy . 	hollywood will also be require to cast english actor to play english character . 	1
so sue company like boe because they want to build in a state he `` friend '' do not control be not hurt job growth ? 	| decision base on evidence so sue company like boe because they want to build in a state he `` friend '' do not control be not hurt job growth ? 	2
insignificant to you maybe . 	insignificant 20 buck a week be not ? 	3
sorry , agw have be prove . 	agw have not be prove . 	4
and this unemployment bill ? 	about the unemployment bill ? 	5
yeah , we love the troops the way michael vick love dog . 	maher : america love its troops ` the way michael vick love dog ' | newsbusters.org 	6
do not cook for he - he be a grow up . 	do not worry about he - he be a grow up . 	7
this `` plot '' smell a rat . 	not sr this `` plot '' smell a rat . 	8
but what i say to myself be `` do i deserve this for the rest of my life or do i deserve better ? '' 	so ask yourself `` do i deserve this for the rest of my life or do i deserve better ? '' ... i 	9
and for people who have go through that experience life be cheap and with a shell-shocked mind can be extremely dangerous to themselves and to other hotwater society train we soldier to kill in time of war and yet expect they to respect life in time of peace . 	and for people who have go through that experience life be cheap and with a shell-shocked mind can be extremely dangerous to themselves and to other : often , none of that seem to matter once they have be use as means toward achieve a end desire by the machine . 	10
the irony of wistful recollection of past protest adventure clothe as they be in a style and form so like they own caricature of the `` reactionary '' force they oppose '' and yet i fight on the ground in viet nam . 	the irony of wistful recollection of past protest adventure clothe as they be in a style and form so like they own caricature of the `` reactionary '' force they oppose , be just too much for I . 	11
do you know who benefit from profit ? 	do you know who shareholder be ? 	12
2 -rrb- when i say this -- `` i think make excuse for racism be a dangerous form of racism . 	5 -rrb- that dlowan see this as a personal attack be stretch far too thin -- `` i think make excuse for racism be a dangerous form of racism . 	13
that do not make any sense . 	it just do not make sense . 	14
ishallriseagain fuck around with this message at jan 04 , 2012 around 06:06 every single person who be assume zimmerman should be in jail just because the kid he shoot be black . 	every single person who be assume zimmerman should be in jail just because the kid he shoot be black . 	15
that be why i can no longer support they . 	i can no longer support they . 	16
claim : powell claim that iraq be build long-range remote drone specifically design to carry biological weapon . 	claim : powell claim that `` unnamed source '' confirm that saddam have authorize he field commander to use biological weapon . 	17
and the idea be to help people connect with volunteer opportunity . 	and they would try and put people together with volunteer opportunity . 	18
what point be you try to relay ? 	what be you try to say ? 	19
2 . im not sure if i can include my own thought surround decision . 	3 . im not sure if i can include objection and conern i raise at the time about decision . 	20
ok , thanks for the explanation . 	thanks for the head up . 	21
for you advice guy !! 	for you advice guy ... my 	22
would ' t be shock if they use nuke either tbh that be a big claim , it would quite a amazing escalation if israel use nuclear bomb on iran . 	that be a big claim , it would quite a amazing escalation if israel use nuclear bomb on iran . 	23
i have a dream i be surrond by bamboo , on my belly and scared . 	a little over a year later i be surrond by bamboo , on my belly and scared . 	24
here be a link to a interview he give about the spill . 	that be what liberty be about , after all . 	25
i just do not get this . 	it just do not make sense . 	26
'' -lsb- o -rsb- ne thing that i do know be he have grow up in kenya , he view of the brit , for example , very different than the average american , '' huckabee tell host steve malzberg , the washington post report . 	and one thing that i do know be he have grow up in kenya - he view of the brit , for example , very different from the average american . 	27
i be sorry for this news to you but this have be the case since ... well , 	-lsb- quote = trajan ; 4550118 -rsb- i be sorry for this news to you but this have be the case since ... well , 	28
that be a substantial drop that you be choose to ignore . 	that be what laffer be say and that be what you be choose to ignore . 	30
the jooz mushy have to be the odds on favorite . 	mushy have to be the odds on favorite . 	31
you leave out oil company , braniac . 	opec be not oil company , braniac . 	32
obama 's approval rating be hover below 50 % , yet he have make the list for the 4th year in a row . 	grief he be at the top of the list for the 4th year in a row . 	33
eventually we will all be good with `` a full time job with the fed . '' 	i be all good now i get a full time job with the fed . 	34
the worst economic recovery since the great depression - forbe if reid and pelosi have actually investigate gwb as you claim and i wish then he and many of he administration and other war criminal would now be in prison . 	if reid and pelosi have actually investigate gwb as you claim and i wish then he and many of he administration and other war criminal would now be in prison . 	35
i know when one side try to shut down the debate say there be a consensus , they be lie . 	i know what you be try to do , but you should aim it at someone who take the bait . 	36
need think about . 	know what im talk about . 	37
presi * dent obama would double it . 	president obama would continue that trend . 	38
the gop be fight for freedom of choice . 	so now it be a fight for freedom of choice . 	39
so now it be a fight for freedom of choice . 	the gop be fight for freedom of religion . 	40
because gay be yucky and lobster taste good peach must be busy . 	because gay be yucky and lobster taste good drinking already ? 	41
japan surrender unconditionally . 	germany surrender in april . 	42
`` why do not we hear about the deficit during the bush administration ? '' 	why do not we ever hear about it during the bush admin when during he admin the national debt be more than double ? 	43
what be limbaugh 's or beck 's `` intent '' when they take some innocuous comment utter by someone in the obama administration , or the president himself , and create a entire show about it ? 	move on ... `` what be limbaugh 's or beck 's `` intent '' when they take some innocuous comment utter by someone in the obama administration , ... '' 	44
i be serious about this . 	i be not sure about any of those . 	45
give the israeli mentality i would say we will see they strike iran . 	would ' t be shock if they use nuke either tbh give the israeli mentality i would say we will see they strike iran . 	46
i be not talk about this year , maggie . 	you be not talk about current event . 	47
well they already be teach about homosexuality in school . 	the reality be it be not anyone 's focus to actually improve the school . 	48
mr brown say he have ask the cabinet secretary , britain 's most senior civil servant , to arrange support for all party that might be involve in talk over a possible future coalition government . 	`` i have ask the cabinet secretary to arrange for the civil service to provide support on request to party engage in discussion on the formation of government . '' 	49
read a little deeper in the wikipedia article . 	you really do need to read what other expert in the field be say , my friend . 	51
i have to say im bad and have call in sick before when i wasnt really sick . 	i have call in sick when i be not cat ... not 	52
the entire caribbean ocean have be poison . 	the entire caribbean poison ? 	53
only six percent of poster will read that entire article . 	imagine if rdean know how to build a intelligent op only six percent of poster will read that entire article . 	54
the jury instruction give on this clearly put the question of first amendment protection in they lap . 	the jury be charge on the law and in this case material fact be the free speech 1st amendment protection . 	55
by the way , the truth of the super committee negotiation be that the democrat do not off one single plan . 	i would say the precedent be set when the democrat give clinton a pass for lie under oath . 	56
the official speak on condition of anonymity because the crash be still be investigate . 	the official , who speak on condition of anonymity , say he be receive he information from a afghan officer in kabul . 	57
do not have the vision or the courage to sustain a program like apollo . 	do not have the vision to `` sustain '' apollo ? 	58
people forgive clinton for the lie because the question never should have be ask in the first place . 	no need for lawyer because the string be pull so that they be not ever charge in the first place . 	59
you have wear out the handle on you favorite mug . 	you have wear the finish off you coffee table . 	60
they `` have '' fox because fox news report on newsworthy event . 	i save up for it because i know i be go to need it . 	61
a bubble be a market that be artificially prop up for any reason . 	my understanding of a `` bubble '' be a sector that be artificially prop up . . despite 	62
it be because the right , that party of `` moral '' , do not have `` low '' standard . 	quite simply because they be piss on the grave of those who die . 	63
so you agree that if only 10 % of what hack like you say be true then we wonderful country would have fold in 1777 ? 	like i say earlier , if only 10 % of the horseshit you rightw bitch say be true then we wonderful country would have fold like a cheap suit in or about 1777 . 	64
i know when the only solution be to spend trillion for minimal , unproven benefit , i know the liar be a leftist . 	i believe that the iran issue be more of a israeli problem then it be of the usa or the western world . 	65
you will cease play american football . 	further , you will stop play baseball . 	66
however , i have include my objection and concern i raise at the time and why i object . 	3 . im not sure if i can include objection and conern i raise at the time about decision . 	67
thank you for point I foster . 	thank you for you concern pelastration . 	68
so , he be a ` self make man ' , if you want to quibble over that , fine . 	if that be not a self make man i have never hear of one . 	69
i agree with there go trouble . 	i be do with this thread . 	70
recession be when a neighbor lose he job . 	depression be when you lose yours . 	71
wtf be you babble about ? 	wtf be that all about ? 	72
it be irrelevant that race be not a valid biological phenomenon as long as it be a observable phenomenon . 	be a american be not a valid biological phenomenon either , yet , all of you consider yourselve american . 	74
president obama would continue that trend . 	president obama be do a bang up job . 	75
do i say i excuse it ? 	where do i say it do ? 	76
perhaps you would care to offer a alternate theory . 	perhaps you should just keep you eye on the situation and see how it go . 	78
do anybody else find this disturbing ? 	do anyone else find that astonishing ? 	79
would ' t be shock if they use nuke either tbh give the israeli mentality i would say we will see they strike iran . 	would ' t be shock if they use nuke either tbh that be a big claim , it would quite a amazing escalation if israel use nuclear bomb on iran . 	80
sadly , by then we have already lose the political war on the street and campus of the united state . 	it be whether or not political rhetoric can cause people to do violence . 	81
where be the `` tea partier '' in late ' 08 !!!!????? 	but where be the public tea party !!!!!!!!!?????? 	82
the anti-semite and nazi , we be already familiar with . 	the career conspiracy exploiter and the lunatic they exploit , we be already familiar with . 	83
i think there be a number of high-profile crime where criminal be hold long long after the point where they be a danger to anyone . 	i have yet to hear anyone exonerate loughner of he crime on the grounds that the media , not he , be solely to blame . 	84
he now want to go to court for a contact order . 	someone need to go to jail for that one . 	85
do you even pay attention to current event ? 	you be not talk about current event . 	86
maybe they do not want to whip up hatred for the sake of rating ? 	maybe they do not like race baiting ? 	87
six month be the minimum recommend by financial planner . 	add into it the disruption of they financial connection . 	88
rslw : because they be horrible , fascist skin head brute . 	vor : you do not think of they as horrible , fascist brute ? 	89
government - historical debt outstanding - annual 2000 - 2009 and now you ossiah be go to double that . 	government - historical debt outstanding - annual 2000 - 2009 the 2009 debt number be from the bush administration 's fiscal year . 	90
i mean , be a history student . . 	be a university student . 	91
like 99.99 % of you idiotic question , it do not deserve a answer for its fatally flaw premise . 	that be a stupid question and do not deserve and answer . . 	92
what be you try to say ? 	wtf be you babble about ? 	93
we country be suppose to be a nation of law and not man , right ? 	what happen to america be a nation of law and not man ? 	94
drive on a icy road and wreck be not a federal problem until it affect thousand of people . 	every winter drive on icy road affect thousand of people . 	95
my understanding of a `` bubble '' be a sector that be artificially prop up . . despite 	a bubble be a market that be artificially prop up for any reason . 	96
the proper course be take about nagasaki and hiroshima . 	the problem be we , through and through . 	97
i can not carry on as i am , so i do need to know what he long term intention be . 	i do not mean to be dense , but why do you have to find out what he long term intention be ? 	98
it work in the snyder case . 	that be the entire case . 	99
if you problem be with the bank , then sue the bank and try to get some money out of they . 	sue they and try to get some money out of they . 	100
i ring he at 5.30 be to see where he be , no reply . 	send he a text ask he to let I know he be ok , no reply . 	101
good luck social security have nothing to do with marriage . 	actually social security do have something to do with marriage in the way it -lrb- ss -rrb- be administer . 	102
it be like be against hammer . 	he be not rant against the troops . 	103
the entitlement gravy train be off the track and out of gravy . 	the gravy train really be all out of gravy . 	104
and in the end , bush 's poll number be circle the drain because of he spending ... 	point I in the direction of all those tea bagger who be out there scream about the bush deficit spending . 	105
just can not stop feel this way . 	wish i could stop think this way . 	106
interestingly , both side reject a offer to order the remain `` sleep '' protester out of building . 	why would walker 's crony reject a offer to order the `` sleep protester '' out of the capitol ? 	107
time to get the government out of the bedroom . 	sue they and try to get some money out of they . 	108
that be normally the case . 	that be the entire case . 	109
it be leave up to they to decide whether the first amendment apply . 	the jury be charge on the law and in this case material fact be the free speech 1st amendment protection . 	110
have there even be any criminal investigation ? 	there be not even a investigation . 	111
` poof ' disappear : just because they do not show it to you . 	do not want to read and run but i do not know what to say . 	112
do anyone know if this be possible ?? 	how be that possible ? 	113
none of it would exist if it be not use to reduce weight on we spacecraft . 	one would think they would run with the story , but they have not . 	114
it be a democracy with regular change in government many of they due to coup . 	i think it be a real shame on the part of we government for treat they like this . 	115
people be just stand in line waitin ' to become teacher . 	sorry , you just do not . 	sorry for you loss , this could be handy . 	117
sorry for such a long waffly post - any idea would be much appreciate ! 	any help would be much appreciate . 	118
ask yourself what you look for in a friend too . 	i go out & find new friend . 	119
that be what we be up against and must compete on a global scale . 	this be what we all fear be go on anyway . 	120
to they it be good enough . 	so that be the end of that . 	121
just another bit of that graph that false . 	other part of the study 's methodology be flaw . 	122
i do not think most british people be too lazy to work but i think they have unrealistic expectation of work . 	i do not think most brit want to start at the bottom and do tedious low pay job before they get the experience to climb up the career ladder . 	123
it be not you fellow citizen ' responsibility to do that . 	but do not demand you fellow citizen pay for you own mistake or problem with bank . 	124
i wonder how this will pan out . 	and he spend he money on thing he care about . 	125
the teaser on national public radio mention that tomorrow -lrb- wed -rrb- during morning edition there will be a story on the minimum wage . 	also mention that the bush administration be not in favor of raise minimum wage . 	126
that be how i would feel support . 	it have now be lift . 	127
you have make a claim , that japan offer to surrender in 1945 numerous time before either bomb be drop . 	the lie that japan be ready to surrender be revisionist history . 	128
it be not because he be stupid , it be because there be so much faith and so little critical thinking in he ranting . 	i be not a fan of autobiography because they contain so much information i do not care about . 	129
government - historical debt outstanding - annual 2000 - 2009 the 2009 debt number be from the bush administration 's fiscal year . 	like the `` housing '' bubble at the beginning of the bush administration . 	130
they can negotiate they own contract without have to carry the fat , lazy , uneducated , low skilled and dependent union worker . 	other have the right to they opinion as always , we do not have to agree , and there be little chance we ever will agree . 	131
the dont identify I as a real preson , . . 	government exist for a reason . 	132
debt slavery here be what class warfare look like ! 	debt slavery here be a hint . 	133
no need to tell they at all . 	no one really want to talk about anythiing else . 	134
do anyone even take this garbage seriously these day ? 	do anyone know if this be possible ?? 	135
just sound like you be blame everyone else for you own mistake . 	if we could only learn from we mistake ! 	136
yeah but you can not just throw around nuclear bomb without huge geopolitical consequence . 	a conventional strike on iran be go to raise massive geopolitical consequence too . 	137
and when poor shirley be force to resign , fox come out with a report , just tonight , that obama throw a `` innocent '' woman under the bus . 	the usda and the naacp should have verify the story before they jump the gun and throw m sherrod under the bus . 	138
but the american police have basically create this whole scenario and lead he into it , feed he along ? 	but the nightmare scenario be have he alive and in detention , await trial . 	139
the vast amount be do in person or over the phone although i do put my concern on paper a few time . 	she state that they could not take complaint over the phone but they have to be in write or by email . 	140
then i find other that counter what she say . 	inherit that when he father die . 	141
you just have to get on with life sometimes and hope for the best and it usually turn out ok ... 	i stop go out with friend who i have be friend with all the way through school . 	142
i agree with you , its a ironic story also . 	then you bird get nuttin to worry about . . 	143
you can not arrest someone for something they have not do ... 	then they be talk money out of something else . 	144
the protest may pressure prime minister abhisit vejjajiva to hasten plan to amend the constitution as a reconciliation panel get ready to propose change next month . 	but one week after thai prime minister abhisit vejajjiva declare a state of emergency to put down violent protest here by red-shirted opponent , who seek he resignation , the shock wave be still ripple through a polarize , shake nation . 	145
rslw : no , why would i hate they ? 	why do you hate america so much ? 	146
i call back , and the lady say sorry since you do not answer we offer the job to the next person on the list who answer the phone , that do not make any damn sense to I . 	i look he in the eye and say that these young I do what they have to do , they should have no regret or feel bad and it should have be do sooner . 	147
and the county where detroit be located also vote for he ? 	and what do you know , receipt stay about the same . 	148
we do have a disparity of `` justice '' in this nation , a severe one . 	the court will have a difficult time decide this one . 	149
spring 1959 graduate from sterling high school in greenville , south carolina . 	i remember when i left school and go to college , all my friend stay at school sixth form . 	this september i leave home , and start at university . 	151
obama have allow the russian not only to catch up military-wise but he be also make we dependent on they to be able to fix we satellite . 	do you think the russian can be trust to let we hitch a ride to the space station or allow we to fix we communication satellite . 	152
be you say that if a government do not break up a monopoly -lrb- cable -rrb- , it be enforce the monopoly ? 	anyone think we government be not run by money , be a fool . 	153
as union usually do , they choose keep they benefit at the level they be , over keep cop on the job , and the lay off happen . 	union be for those that have no other skill other than a 5th grade educate worker have with a hammer in they hand . 	154
so be this uphold the law , or just arm robbery ? 	i can not see he death reduce the scale of the ` war on terror ' . . 	155
if the government provide health care , whether spell out in this bill or not , it will ration the care . 	and the new government often pay attention to improve the lot of its citizen , at least for a while . 	156
when it get over $ 5 a gallon , i hafta opt out ... 	they do not even have a train station ... 	157
very humbling indeed - happen to everyone . 	law should be for everyone . 	158
i be shocked he be even elect ... 	it work in the snyder case . 	159
feed a few people now be not go to fix any of this reality . 	so feed these people now so ten time as many suffer in the future be more kind and humane ? 	160
the low person bit piss I off , but the prose that follow be so good ! 	then i find other that counter what she say . 	161
and that do not include all the worker who have flee the workforce under obama 's economic oppression . 	and that be certainly a motivator for I to work my way up the career ladder of my profession . 	162
all you do be demonstrate you complete ignorance . 	if i be you , i would be embarass to voice you ignorance in public . 	163
i would happily have explain what i be actually say , but you never ask - you simply launch into accusation . 	surely this be entrapment ? he do not actually do anything because they basically lead he into the situation ? 	164
it be not the concept of subsidy per se , but the nature of the subsidy themselves . 	i will be interested to read the particulars of the study when they become available . 	165
that be not a `` substantial drop '' ! 	this be totally unacceptable ! 	166
but you say you client be loosen up and start to hire again . 	if you do , you would not be post the past yuck of unregulation of mining . 	167
they need to be fund and organise on a state-wide basis , these tiny school district make no sense . 	he be be select for the 2nd year run to go to a ` workshop ' day at the local secondary school which specialise in science . 	168
yeh right , they be so on board with that ! 	you think they be bluff about that ? 	170
not sure what specifically you be ask for , so i will do a total dump of information . 	when i have more time -lrb- tomorrow -rrb- , i will provide the source for all of this information . 	171
if `` crime begin and end with the criminal who commit they '' , then why hold a entire religion accountable for the action of 19 people . 	i ask if they could tell I when the money would be in my account they say that be not possible . 	172
so they insist on free trade with country like china that chop up they own citizen for transplant organ . 	base on the historical record , that recovery be imminent , within a couple of month or so . 	173
oh , i bet he can i truly hope not . 	i feel you be a good man , i truly like you . 	174
yes , america do not do all that it can to relieve global warming , but then who do ? 	then , that there be nothing economically that we could do about the greenhouse gas . 	175
I and my 2 sister look through she house but couldnt find one anywhere . 	after camp and come home we search high and low and could not find they . 	176
`` smart '' anything be a bit of a reach for he . 	i think newt have be the most accurate and forthright . 	177
imagine if rdean know how to build a intelligent op only six percent of poster will read that entire article . 	i take it you do not hear the racist motherfucker applaud during she story , all the while not know what she have to say at the end only six percent of poster will read that entire article . 	178
and they definitely should not be force anyone to pay for someone else 's contraception & abortion . 	and there will not be any stain on that money abet abortion . 	179
the `` effect '' people be talk about be not simple political rhetoric design to sway vote . 	it be whether or not political rhetoric can cause people to do violence . 	180
the people have a right to know ! '' 	that be not the right way to go . 	182
that be the real purpose behind so-called `` free trade . '' 	that be the bread and butter of `` entrepreneurialism '' ! 	183
do not get I wrong i dont give to receive but if this happen the other way round i would be mortified , she be just like aww thanks i must have forget to put the money in you card , and that be that . 	dont get I wrong its not that i dont appreciate what he do do , i certainly do and always make he aware of it but again he never bother for I just expect it ! 	184
and i think most american be now see they that way too . 	some politician be now just prey on human weakness . 	185
and they insist on `` right to work '' law that bust up the union . 	i have my own business but work as all but dry up ... to 	186
the distortional inclination of the next president , george h.w. 	he veto pen be the mightiest presidential kung fu in we history . 	187
and stop worry about it ... 	i hope it work out in the end ... 	188
there have never be a monopoly in this country that be not government enforce . 	the nba be a classic example of a government enforce monopoly . 	189
i do not know if this go for people generally , but that be how g go . 	as a christian , i pity all these hateful critic and i will pray for they . '' 	the verse above from leviticus be in a section of the bible that list immoral act and the penalty for they . 	191
its a gruesome dictatorship - of the kind that be formerly sponsor by the soviet . 	they gdp per capita be much lower and the vulnerable be ignore by the government . 	192
since there would be no `` spouse '' , employee would become liable for employer portion of health insurance because there would be no waive of the tax penalty for employer provide health insurance for a spouse . 	one such benefit be a military member who have a spouse be eligible for either base housing or additional pay to help provide a place to live for that spouse . 	193
see , it be a tax break to company and corporation that hire vet . 	here it be not unusual to only see a doctor at 12-14 week . 	194
two coalition crew member be injure in that attack . 	in south afghanistan , nato say two coalition service member be kill , one on friday and another on saturday . 	195
a false allegation , allie . 	make I feel all festive . 	196
no , the predecent be set when bill clinton pardon henry cisnero , after he be convict of lie to the fbi . 	iirc , the sign be erect early on , but be remove as be too obvious . 	197
george0b1 nobody on this thread have say a good word about north vietnam . 	the conventional view be that the we and ussr fight it out in the body of vietnam . 	198
so , it be something else , be not it ? 	so , i guess that be it . 	199
republican senator charle percy 's secretary take a interest in I . 	@dlowan , `` for century the chinese use a ancient curse : ` may you live in interesting time ! ' 	200
the conservative be currently on 37 % of the vote , labour on 28 % and the lib dem on 23 % . 	they share of the vote have go up just 1 point and they have lose seat . 	201
no way they would allow those industry to be re-regulated . 	how do regulatory agency become `` deregulate ? '' 	202
they be reserve for adult . 	obama 's approval rating be hover below 50 % , yet he have make the list for the 4th year in a row . 	look at how bad thing be in 2008 and they basically vote for another 4 year of bush . 	204
lol youve study the talk point well grasshopper . 	why do not you start think beyond the talk point that make you feel good ? 	205
they find very few papers -lrb- 7 in total -rrb- predict global cooling . 	what surprise be that even in the 1970 , on the back of 3 decade of cooling , more papers -lrb- 42 in total -rrb- predict global warming due to co2 than cooling . 	206
do not hate you fellow american . 	do not be jealous and bitter . 	207
the only mistake the republican make be in vote to raise the debt ceiling in exchange for anything short of repeal obamacare and pass the ryan budget that actually would have cut 4 trillion out of the budget . 	-lrb- bull shit call number 2 . he and the demwhit negotiate a deal to increase the debt ceiling and before the ink on it have dry , renege on the deal and attempt to tie it to he `` stimulus ii '' wish list which would add another 1.6 trillion dollar to the deficit now ! -rrb- 	208
the only problem with trust the jury on this one be that they be give a question of law to determine . 	the jury instruction give on this clearly put the question of first amendment protection in they lap . 	209
ok , that be a good point . 	which i think be a good idea . 	210
however despite the layoff murder and rape be still down 11 % in flint . 	yeah , for toddler , since the youngest teenager be already smoking and drinking . 	211
eventually get he about 6am and he say he be in he mate house . 	eventually get he at 8.30 . he stay with '' a friend '' be i ask to much to be tell he be not come home ? 	212
what happen to personal responsibility and accountability ? 	it be the individual citizen ' responsibility to fund they own behavior . 	213
thankfully the silent majority be overwhelmingly in favour of this plan and the opposition be a minute fringe pressure group way out of touch with most of the population . 	and the only reason they be there be because of insane student loan practice that be identical in everyway to the insane mortgage loan practice . 	214
in the `` binary '' world of the right wing , it be either all lie or all gospel truth . 	this be how the people on the right here treat truth . 	215
but foremost he be not a career politician as he profession be actually a academic one , partly in the we where he also study . 	but no , he act as if he get a memo from the mcqueary and forward it on to he superior like he be suppose to . 	216
i be open mind and i just do not take thing as personally as other do . 	i be all for campaigning but i think that this be really a step too far . 	217
i have narrow it down to god , gay and gun . 	i do not want to read and run hun . 	218
they be fight the idea that goivernment have the right to mandate that a insuirance company must sell a service ... even 	they share of the vote have go up just 1 point and they have lose seat . 	219
otherwise , no other information would be give . 	there be kurd in syria , too , i believe . 	220
i do not ever try to pass anything off as be other than it be . 	i do not need to create problem for myself , with customer feel they be mislead . 	221
that say , i would caution against the attempt use of proof by anecdote here to prove the effectiveness and validity of the conceal carry law . 	time and again we see that there be one set of law for the well connect , and a vastly different set for the commoner . 	222
that be exactly what happen : no , it be not , unless you believe that the instant vaporization of hundred of thousand of people can be write off because of they nationality . 	but its a different matter all together to say that these people be not afford the right to even live in the uk - the country of they nationality . 	223
firstly , there be no need to panic or rush . 	christy be a fat sack of shit . 	224
<shrug> what be a person to do ? 	grrrr what the heck do i do ? 	225
george on of the most important thing a person can learn in life be not to make assumption and secondly not to read to much into one 's own perception of what happen in certain circumstance base on they personal experience . 	we be all different we come from different background and we all see thing base on different perception some fact base and some cloud by personal experience . 	226
be you so desperate to appear clever that you have to make this sh*t up ? 	no one appear to have post about this yet . 	227
lol that must really piss off the repub who keep harp on how the union destroy the auto industry . 	ok that explain one more trillion of bush 's addition to the national debt . 	228
it 's real simple : get the hell out of everybody 's bedroom and start worry about the economy . 	i want to speak to the head on the teacher recommendation but he be really busy . 	229
kill off the weak , and shit will not cost so much for the rest of we . 	i be terrify , and dh do not talk about it much but he be nervous too . 	230
no `` spouse '' mean no family relationship under social security whereby the survive spouse can receive benefit at the work spouse rate if higher then they own . 	9 . no `` spouse '' mean no establish a family relationship where a spouse can then sponsor they spouse for immigration purpose . 	231
i hate bloated spending . 	didnt want to read and run . . 	232
it seem like every time i make any decision with money he have a friend tell he to not be a little `` bitch '' . 	but morocco be a very diverse place and thing that might be true in one region might not be true in another . 	233
and what be happen today be because of what happen , uh , `` backward '' . 	quit listen to he because he be such a damned negative nancy . 	235
have any of you use a va loan to buy a house , then receive a lot of streamline refinance letter say you will save a bunch by refinancing ? 	if you have use the va loan , and then refinance use the streamline program , i would be thrill to hear about it ! 	236
it use to just say 2:30 pm as the last time it be change and someone else 's initial . 	the justice system be a farce and we all know it . 	237
i have say what i have say , and if you have comprehension problem i can not help you . . 	i have not read what she say beyond this site nor do i care what she say . 	238
no country be perfect , but this country be far and away better than any other on earth . 	we country be suppose to be a nation of law and not man , right ? 	239
it be when the temperature move up to 2c above the pre-industrial level , expect in the middle of this century - within the lifetime of many people alive today - that serious effect start to come thick and fast , study suggest . 	but when the temperature move up to the 3c level , expect in the early part of the second half of the century , these effect will become critical . 	240
it may be that chirac want to prevent religious violence before it start . 	i guess this be a last plea for help and guidance , before i do something silly . 	241
the only question reman be `` when '' and `` how bad '' . 	of course not but the question be fast become not will israel strike but when and how . 	242
you can jump to the moon . 	you can read about the case below . 	243
do this concern you ? 	do this sound like the sensible option . 	244
`` i support you religious freedom to coerce you unwilling member to do thing they do not want to do . '' 	as cruel as it sound , i would argue freedom of choice win out on this fact and this alone . 	245
this be precsisely , be it not ? , 	this be not rocket science . 	246
agree - no need to flog this deceased equine . 	no need to tell they at all . 	247
this be not just a american problem , this be the world problem . 	to say that it be all america 's fault be not correct . 	248
do anyone else find this to be a little much to believe ? 	anyone else feel like this ? 	249
but i still oppose the gz mosque for the exact reason revere put forward . 	i suppose that be one of the reason i see this whole stem cell thing as so weird . 	250
with marshall - 8 week -lrb- but my first be a preemie and she want to see I earlier than normal -rrb- my current pregnancircumstance be we 1st appt . 	i get a we with marshall at 9-10 week for date purpose and if i would of be more certain on this pregnancy , we would not of have one . 	251
it be a pretty far-fetched argument , just like those that argue that god or satan make I do it . 	it be a pretty sad statement of the time , imo , that thing have get so bad . 	252
thanks again , for prove my other point while you be struggle to argue with I and insult I . 	thanks for prove my point about you be a ignorant shitstain too lazy to think and separate rumor from reality . 	253
you do not get someone to feel better by tell they that they feel better , you get they to feel better by help they figure out what be wrong . 	i be sure you child be worry about you and i be sure they would appreciate you tell they how you be feel , rather than they fret because they be see they mum upset . 	254
do not people ever learn ? 	we do not have a college record ? 	255
so , i guess that be it . 	seriously , it be true . 	256
i swear you protestant think everyone in some type of leadership role be the antichrist . 	i think everyone feel like you at sometime in they life . . 	257
and what have jesse jackson contribute to american life ? 	i refuse to argue jesse jackson on this or any other thread . 	258
also ask about get a injunction against he they give I the number for woman aid to get help with obtain one . 	i say fine can she give I they number and she say she would put I on hold . 	259
he marry you , choose to have a child with you and love you unconditionally . 	they havent raise any moral issue or issue of any kind with have to provide contraception at no additional cost . 	260
they give wall street all that taxpayer cash . 	they be kill themselves as a politcal force . 	261
amd loose both of we . 	and of course the poppy propaganda . 	262
if people need help , just assume charity and local gov ` t be not enough and just tax everyone else to pay for it , what be the difference ? 	if million have a disastrous medical issue , like cancer , or hundred or thousand have a natural disaster issue , what be the difference ? 	263
kill in the we be just part of day-to-day life in the we . 	it give I just as good a reason never to use ebay . 	264
the more it look like zimmerman act in self defense , the less you will hear of this case . 	the majority of this nation believe in god and believe that he will turn on we . 	265
i say the time to tackle the iran issue be now . 	i really want this sort and not sure what else i can do . 	266
chance be it will move more to the middle over time . 	boycott as you deem fit , but call for the death of the ceo be over the top . 	267
but when they be of a moral or religious nature it be not government 's business . 	for they , the morality or lack of it be not the question . 	268
you know how i would feel support if i be a troop overseas ? 	that be how i would feel support . 	269
they be not make up of the usual zombietime bum , college student or acorn bus in hack and seiu union thug or commie funded answer geek . 	they would retain all of they chinese , korean and other possession and we would return they home island capture . 	270
they live in england and should speek english ! 	what do keep england english even mean ? 	271
she then say she could not give I they number . 	if that be not a self make man i have never hear of one . 	272
i see , we have change the direction of debate because the other be fruitless ? 	i never state that the doctrine of what supremacy be at the root of cause of slavery . 	273
any advice would be more than welcome . 	i would suggest that a few more than `` nobody '' care . 	274
however my cash flow be better with they then without since the rental income more than cover the mortgage on they plus ... 	and the only reason they be there be because of insane student loan practice that be identical in everyway to the insane mortgage loan practice . 	275
do this sound like the sensible option . 	so what do this have to do with newt ? 	276
people who be the technician to maintain the robot . 	rslw : because they be horrible , fascist skin head brute . 	277
they offer up private solution , good one , one that do not increase tax on anyone . 	neither government nor people should impose they value on anyone . 	278
there be far more important political and economical reason for military intervention or political sanction . 	the true hero will be one that bear the burden of 40 year of political discourse . 	279
unless you happen to think that freedom of religion = support terrorist . 	the tea party do not promote end the intereference of religion in politics . 	280
quartermass have not give opinion in that last post , namvet . 	this be a long and ongoing struggle that last almost 2 year . 	281
the people have less take out of they pocket but the government still get its revenue . 	we want a flat , fair and wide base and most importantly , for the government to live within it be means . 	282
tomorrow be the state of the union and obama will be talk about the huge deficit we have . 	they keep talk about the huge deficit in the obama admin . 	283
however , by that same rationale , it be unfair to criticize the movement itself for a few of the trouble-maker . 	where it go wrong in practice be when they create a central government to control the commune . 	284
we explain that to we tempo when they apply with we so they understand the importance of always be reachable . . to 	as the only white in the hall , i understand why the question be be ask . 	285
it be obvious that you love you daughter and want what be best . 	no it be just that people like you can not be honest . 	286
2 . change the subject do only the rich deserve the best healthcare ? 	dodge , change the subject , project what they have be instruct to believe etc. . . 	288
she be on line here but have not answer as to whether or not she follow all of leviticus , and whether or not she want 's we nation 's law to follow all of leviticus . 	do not you follow , and want we law to follow all of leviticus ? 	289
they understand that that there be many other factor to be consider -lrb- i.e. 	and all to few understand , therefore nothing will be do to avoid the slide . 	290
if they have make peace with they pay , then there be no reason you should not be at peace with they pay as well . 	the debate be whether or not a new mosque should be build at that very location . 	291
some who go to war do not want to go , but feel they could not disobey . 	some refuse to go because they do not want to be kill . 	292
and just wait till you see what they have to say about the business of global warming orthodoxy 40 year from now . 	do the math , and we dont have to worry about these fuckker fubare the future of we kid . 	293
early in we friendship she confess she marriage be in trouble ... i 	use you definition - there be no housing bubble . 	294
it would take decade for iran to develop enough arm to really threaten israel and they never will anyways . 	it sound like you be go to have a really busy weekend without go to work anyways ... and 	295
because they be not shameful liberal media race-baiter . 	because he be not a leader , he be a perpetual campaigner and chief . 	296
think it be go to stay that way with less police ? 	be there any way that can be avoid ? 	297
the government do not have any thing to do with it . 	either government have to honor religioius doctrine or it do not - pick one . 	298
bill clinton get a blowjob in the oval office . 	that be also about a blow job , of course . 	299
it be whether or not political rhetoric can cause people to do violence . 	the `` effect '' people be talk about be not simple political rhetoric design to sway vote . 	300
we seem to have lose sight of the meaning of the whole thing ... be 	he be the first speaker of the house in history to be fine . 	301
lot of luck , she will get through this phase ! 	also , assume the whole thing be a sham . . 	302
i would love to tear apart he lie , but i do not know how good i would be on a radio show . 	thanks for thinking of I , but i do not have the desire to appear on he show . 	303
reality , of course , disagree . 	totally free of course . 	304
to suggest that black be not poor due to external factor leave black disproportionate poverty to be the result of internal factor , which could only mean that black be inferior . 	to suggest that social and economic gap be internal to black be to suggest that there be a genetic propensity that make black inferior . 	305
i agree with you about ` shout about be different ' , what do you count as proclaim difference ? 	i agree with you , quantum windbag , and so do most legal commentator i have read . 	306
do not you follow , and want we law to follow all of leviticus ? 	she be on line here but have not answer as to whether or not she follow all of leviticus , and whether or not she want 's we nation 's law to follow all of leviticus . 	308
in fact , watch fox will tell you the exact opposite of what you be claim . 	try deal with the fact instead of you wishful thinking . 	309
thus the need for health care insurance reform ... the 	be you health care ration ? 	310
and of course it not ever they fault , as it be now fox news , the righty , blaa blaa blaa . 	now of course its everyone fault but they own . 	311
you can claim it be false all you want , but fact be fact . 	you spew here what you claim to be fact . 	312
most christian do not hate gay 's , they hate the sin . 	but as a christian , i believe what god 's word tell I . 	313
or like oil company , who have a cartel . 	true oil only come from quart size can . 	314
i write in my journal that it feel like i have a leather mask on my head . 	i write that it feel like someone smash a champagne bottle on the back of my head like it be a depart ship . 	315
i do not actually give two fig what minimum wage do for or against the economy . 	the idea of regular increment to minimum wage be a good one - for business to cope with they . 	316
the tea party do not promote end the intereference of religion in politics . 	in this case it be the freedom of choice vs. the freedom of religion . 	317
the rich do not need cobra , they can buy they own individual policy at any price ... so 	the poor do not need cobra to continue be insure , they never be insure by they employer , they have medicaid . 	318
how will conservative respond to the issue ? 	but conserv will not address these issue . 	319
a recent example be how a federal court reject a lawsuit base on `` national security . '' 	upon he release he sue the we for the above crime and the case be dismiss for `` national security reason . '' 	321
my mum marry the other man and stay with he until he die . 	my dad meet a lovely woman and also remarry . 	322
we justice system be rotten to the core , so what be we go to do about it ? 	do you think she just tell you not to bother because you just have a baby not to long ago ? 	323
this have be so usual for we that i can bring she home and not change she again til 6:30 or 7 and she diaper be still pee in but not full at all . 	whenever we pick she up from all but one of the teacher , she sheet say she be change at 4:30 ish and when i change she again at 6:30 or 7 she diaper be fine . 	324
in actual practise , the clinic tend to keep the embryo on ice because they fear law suit . 	in they view , there be a difference between a embryo and a brain dead person . 	325
conventional weapon may not even be able to hit some of the fortify facility either . 	obviously you be totally ignorant as to the make up of the people participate in the protest . 	326
so if the jury be in fact instruct incorrectly , chance be they will not come to the correct conclusion . 	the jury be to be instruct as to the law to be apply to the fact they determine , not the other way around . 	327
but we parent say `` oh no , it be a accident '' . 	it be we day , how we want and it be wonderful . 	328
yes , there be many variable that affect price , and try to explain it through one company be not realistic . 	also , there be hint that these concern be from scientist who only want to fund they own pet project . 	329
and besides they do update they platform . 	i will do so with my daughter this year ... 	330
or do anyone know any way i could help it ? 	have anyone hear about this ? 	331
the president 's biological father be kenyan , and obama barely know he . 	the justice system be a farce and we all know it . 	332
it give I just as good a reason never to use ebay . 	just how good a basis be revenge for sentencing ? 	333
i really dont know what to do ... 	i do not really know what be up but i be super mad about it . 	334
the bush administration put they back in . 	they do not get it , but they ask for it . 	335
until two day ago , i do not know they actually make gun for kid -lrb- and i be not talk about toy gun -rrb- . 	source thoma do you have datum on how the insurance industry be prepare for or speak about gw ? 	336
actually , it be people who build the robot since not enough be be make to create a assembly line . 	of course , people who work with sick animal know that when the mean one stop be mean , death be peek around the corner . 	337
i know they be not save and i just cant understand ! 	thing be so big and strange . 	338
why do not we ever hear about it during the bush admin when during he admin the national debt be more than double ? 	but they never mention the doubling of the national debt under the bush admin . 	340
utter fucking nonsense . 	that do not make any sense . 	341
best wish , yes he have a affair . 	reality be , i be there before and return again . 	342
skip , that be also very true . 	here be a list of article for you to peruse . 	343
i dont understand where my parent money go ! 	i would not budget anywhere near 3-4k on it though ! 	344
he just doesnt get it . 	he still have not to this day . 	345
the federal government 's own unemployment figure and the current condition of the housing and other consumer market belie any publish number hand out by the left , the white house or cbo . 	blast bp and the federal government for a lack of effort and coordination in they dual oil-spill response and make a plea to the government to allow the a whale to join the cleanup operation . 	346
in addition to this they belong to the shiite sect of islam which automatically link they to iran . 	in addition to these three , roosevelt appoint 19 judge to the united state court of appeal , and 53 judge to the united state district court . 	347
there be so much wrong and you do not seem to understand what be wrong . 	do you even understand what wry be convey ? 	348
it help that the media have not give he the same anal-probing the gop field have get . 	the problem be that this man be violent and abused I beat I and generally hurt I . 	349
not really , most of the lose sdp vote go to the green . 	there seem no hope in these area . 	350
the nature be so amazing ... 	ah , so many amazing memory ... 	351
network without assistance . 	nor will they be the last . 	352
it be really good , and quite innovative in place . 	they control spain for quite awhile back then . 	353
anyway , i bring this up to the manager and she talk to mrs. i. this be about 1 month ago . 	then i would ask the manager to request that mrs. i check she diaper again closer to the end of the day . 	354
this 2011 article from the journal sentinel cite datum find that student who participate in the voucher program do not perform better than they public school peer . 	so at least base on the available datum , it appear that voucher program be neither improve the performance of program participant nor improve the quality of the public school system . 	355
be it as gruelle for they as i be imagine ? 	as to what happen to they miss kid . 	357
i go to see another male friend last night who i know have a thing for I , and he start hit on I and i let he have sex with I , until i realise i could not do it and stop and make he take I home . 	but for some reason this morning when i be ask if he have fun , and what they do etc. i ask if it be a all nude or just a topless and i should not have ask that . he tell I all nude and i just break down cry . 	358
you have wear out you third pair of tennis shoe this week . 	you have wear out the handle on you favorite mug . 	359
wait in a outer hall , i stand to the side as my boss converse with someone . 	as the only white in the hall , i understand why the question be be ask . 	360
who in the media 's be go `` half-cocked '' and how do they do it ? 	why have no one come forward to admit the truth ? 	361
thai thaksin supporter plan largest rally since april riot june 27 -lrb- bloomberg -rrb- -- thai anti-government protester who support former prime minister thaksin shinawatra plan to meet in bangkok today in what organizer say will be the largest rally since the army quell riot by the group in april . 	thaksin `` red shirt '' gather again in bangkok bangkok , april 25 -lrb- reuter -rrb- - about 3,000 supporter of exile former prime minister thaksin shinawatra gather in bangkok on saturday for they first rally in the capital since violent street clash two week ago . 	362
when you open you dish cabinet , and there be only mug . 	you have wear out the handle on you favorite mug . 	363
why have not the we government do that -lrb- if the affair be fake , taht be . . -rrb- 	i think it be a real shame on the part of we government for treat they like this . 	364
the word threat or threaten be never once speak by obama . 	they find the bomb before they find the woman . 	365
the separation of the role of priest and healer of the body start in recent time and in relatively small geocultural area . 	the leader of the world need to get together and begin construct a massive plan to stop global warming . 	366
rupert murdoch inherit he father 's ownership of two newspaper in the u.k. -lrb- australia -rrb- . 	murdoch inherit two fairly successful newspaper and turn they into a global media empire . 	367
edgar , you may be right - at least in part . 	the problem be , you be go after people just like you . 	368
wednesday 's decision be likely to please turkey , which have warn that the bill , if enact , would seriously affect turkish-french tie . 	the french legislation have enrage turkey , which have threaten sanction if french president nicola sarkozy sign the bill . 	369
suicide rate be sky high indict desperation and sadness . 	i can hear the desperation in you word . 	370
be you health care ration ? 	be there any property involve ? 	371
we be the home of tesla motor that only the `` sean penn '' of the world can afford . 	when we be young , before my husband get a easier job , he do manual labor . 	372
that darn liberal media never go after liberal !!! 	that be what liberty be about , after all . 	373
allow they to set up camp , much like they do in afghanistan to launch attack accross the world ? 	we have shed thousand of life in iraq and afghanistan and what have we accomplish ? 	374
the obama administration ? 	the resolution be oppose by the obama administration . 	375
