should I use IRA money to pay down my student loan ? 	should I cash out my IRA to pay my student loan ? 	1
Spain Princess testify in historic Fraud Probe 	Spain princess testify in historic fraud probe 	2
to explain further vector space model , basically a document be characterize by a vector . 	a document be represent as a vector . 	3
you do not need to worry . 	you do not have to worry . 	4
driver back into stroller with child , drive off 	driver back into mom , stroller with child then drive off 	5
how do I make a height adjustable desk ? 	how can I build a wall mount adjustable height desk ? 	6
one of the best know scheme be tf-idf weighting -lrb- see the example below -rrb- . 	one of the best know method be call tf-idf weighting . 	7
you have to decide what you want to get out of this . 	you have to know what you want to do . 	8
Bayes ' theorem be name after rev Thomas Bayes and be a method use in probability theory . 	as a official theorem , Bayes ' theorem be valid in all universal interpretation of probability . 	9
how can I connect additional wire to a receptacle ? 	how do I connect the wire to this usb receptacle ? 	10
I remain under the banyan tree , exhaust by my daily ritual of dragoon the man every two hour . 	I remain under the banyan tree , exhaust by my daily ritual of herd the cat every two hour . 	11
Mayawati demand president 's rule in Kashmir 	Mayawati demand president rule in Jammu and Kashmir 	12
how can I replace a ceiling fan light pull chain ? 	how can I replace my light fixture with a ceiling fan ? 	13
I do this one time as well . 	I have this habit as well . 	14
if a term appear in the document then its value in the vector be non-zero . 	a document be represent as a vector and each dimension correspond to a separate term . 	15
US drone strike kill eight in Waziristan 	US drone strike kill 11 in Pakistan 	16
Mandela 's condition have ` improve ' 	Mandela 's condition have ` worsen over past 48 hour ' 	17
Vector space representation result in the loss of the order which the term be in the document . 	if a term occur in the document , the value will be non-zero in the vector . 	18
would a colombian citizen with canadian residency need a transit visa for the UK ? 	will I need a Transit visa or esta for the US as a canadian ? 	19
you should do it . 	you can do it , too . 	20
at least 18 kill in Iraq mosque bombing 	more than 60 kill at Iraq funeral 	21
there be also what the string be make of . 	there be also a youtube-version of the film . 	22
this can be useful when the number of time a word appear be not consider important . 	one of the most important use of page rank be its meaning to advertising . 	23
what be the best way to repair a crack bathtub ? 	what be the best way to fix this garage floor ? 	24
