Should I use IRA money to pay down my student loans ? 	Should I cash out my IRA to pay my student loans ? 	1
Spain Princess Testifies in Historic Fraud Probe 	Spain princess testifies in historic fraud probe 	2
To explain further vector space models , basically a document is characterized by a vector . 	A document is represented as a vector . 	3
You do not need to worry . 	You do n't have to worry . 	4
Driver backs into stroller with child , drives off 	Driver backs into mom , stroller with child then drives off 	5
How do I make a height adjustable desk ? 	How can I build a wall mounted adjustable height desk ? 	6
One of the best known schemes is tf-idf weighting -LRB- see the example below -RRB- . 	One of the best known methods is called tf-idf weighting . 	7
You have to decide what you want to get out of this . 	You have to know what you want to do . 	8
Bayes ' theorem was names after Rev Thomas Bayes and is a method used in probability theory . 	As an official theorem , Bayes ' theorem is valid in all universal interpretations of probability . 	9
How can I connect additional wires to a receptacle ? 	How do I connect the wires to this USB receptacle ? 	10
I remained under the banyan tree , exhausted by my daily ritual of dragooning the men every two hours . 	I remained under the banyan tree , exhausted by my daily ritual of herding the cats every two hours . 	11
Mayawati demands president 's rule in Kashmir 	Mayawati demands Presidents rule in Jammu and Kashmir 	12
How can I replace a ceiling fan light pull chain ? 	How can I replace my light fixture with a ceiling fan ? 	13
I did this one time as well . 	I have this habit as well . 	14
If a term appears in the document then its value in the vector is non-zero . 	A document is represented as a vector and each dimension corresponds to a separate term . 	15
US drone strike kills eight in Waziristan 	US drone strike kills 11 in Pakistan 	16
Mandela 's condition has ` improved ' 	Mandela 's condition has ` worsened over past 48 hours ' 	17
Vector space representation results in the loss of the order which the terms are in the document . 	If a term occurs in the document , the value will be non-zero in the vector . 	18
Would a Colombian citizen with Canadian residency need a transit visa for the UK ? 	Will I Need a Transit visa or ESTA for the US as a Canadian ? 	19
You should do it . 	You can do it , too . 	20
At least 18 killed in Iraq mosque bombing 	More than 60 killed at Iraq funeral 	21
There 's also what the string is made of . 	There is also a Youtube-Version of the film . 	22
This can be useful when the number of times a word appears is not considered important . 	One of the most important uses of page rank is its meaning to advertising . 	23
What is the best way to repair a cracked bathtub ? 	What is the best way to fix this garage floor ? 	24
