a person be on a baseball team . 	a person be play basketball on a team . 	1
we current vehicle will be in museum when everyone have they own aircraft . 	the car need to some work 	2
a woman supervisor be instruct the male worker . 	a woman be work as a nurse . 	3
a bike be next to a couple woman . 	a child next to a bike . 	4
the group be eat while take in a breathtaking view . 	a group of people take a look at a unusual tree . 	5
the boy be raise he hand . 	the man be raise he hand . 	6
a man with a gray beard be be shave in front of a lecture hall 	a man with a beard be sit in the grass . 	7
the sky have very little to no cloud . 	this lady might be ready for Rock Climbing , or just watch the Clouds , above . 	8
the young boy jump barefoot outside in the front yard . 	the teen ride he bike around the people walk in the courtyard . 	9
there be dog in the forest . 	the dog be alone in the forest . 	10
some cyclist stop near a sign . 	two man stop to talk near a sign outside . 	11
these cook in the white be busy in the kitchen make dinner for they customer . 	the woman be prepare dinner in they kitchen . 	12
a young person deep in thought . 	a young man deep in thought . 	13
a man be carry a canoe with a dog . 	a dog be carry a man in a canoe . 	14
a man be perform labor . 	a man be perform today . 	15
two man wear traditional clothing be stand outside . 	three woman wear black vest and gray shirt be talk outside of a building . 	16
a woman watch a rap group live 	a audience watch a girl dance . 	17
a girl dancing on a sandy beach . 	a girl be on a sandy beach . 	18
a man wear a gray hat fishing out of a fishing boat . 	a man wear a straw hat and fishing vest in a stream . 	19
a little girl in a orange striped outfit be airborne whilst bounce on a bed . 	a dog in a red shirt be chase a squirrel through the glass . 	20
a person be watch people ski down the hill . 	the woman be jump a long distance while people watch . 	21
the yard have a dog . 	the dog be run after another dog . 	22
the woman be drink lemonade and watch T.V. 	the man be sit drinking coffee . 	23
three woman cook . 	two woman cooking . 	24
the woman be kneel next to a cat . 	a girl be stand next to a man . 	25
the young adult be cold 	asian child be play with a dog . 	26
three guy play a pro game of basketball . 	two guy play a game of baseball . 	27
a sad man be jump over a small stream to meet he companion on the other side . 	a man be jump over a stream to meet he companion on the other side . 	28
the boy be earn they next belt in karate . 	five girl and one boy be in they swimsuit all in the middle of jump into the pool . 	29
a woman be digging in the sand . 	a man be bury in the sand . 	30
a woman drive a golf cart . 	a man ride a cart . 	31
a woman be bungee jump . 	a girl be bungee jump . 	32
a clown perform for brother and sister as the rest of the party watch . 	a blond-haired child perform on the trumpet in front of a house while he younger brother watch . 	33
a person film the outdoors . 	there be a couple outdoors . 	34
a human ride a skateboard . 	a child be ride a skateboard . 	35
a woman in a plaid outfit be look through a bag of produce . 	this be the picture of a woman in a flowered dress , tote something in a bucket . 	36
four girl happily walk down a sidewalk . 	three young girl walk down a sidewalk . 	37
the tennis player hit the ball into outer space and break the death star . 	a female tennis player be leap into the air to hit the ball . 	38
a boy climb a forest hill . 	a boy be climb a hill . 	39
a group of navy seal be singing 	a group of military personnel be play in a brass quintet . 	40
blond boy jump onto deck . 	a boy jump down a wet inflatable slide . 	41
a man use a chainsaw to sculpt a phallic ice sculpture . 	a man be use a chainsaw to carve a wooden sculpture . 	42
a group of male construction worker repair railroad track on a cloudy day 	a crew of worker work on a railroad track . 	43
a man play the violin in the rain . 	a man play the guitar in the rain . 	44
the people be leave the airplane . 	the people be enter the plane . 	45
the dog be chase a cat . 	the dog be chase a black cat . 	46
the girl have something on she head . 	the woman have something with she . 	47
the tan dog be play with the red dog out in the snow 	a yellow dog be play in the snow . 	48
people make a structure out of card . 	two people be together and one be use a piece of clothing in a different way than intend . 	49
a girl with vase in the background inside she house 	the girl be stand as the other girl with glass work on she hand painting . 	50
there be four people outside . 	five people be outside . 	51
a person sit in a office take a picture . 	a woman be sit in a office . 	52
girl be hold hand in blue clothes 	the young people be wear jeans with they red and green shirt . 	53
people rock jump into water while people fish in the background . 	two people watch the water . 	54
a man be demonstrate how to work with clay while at least two people observe . 	at least one of the three woman be talk to the other . 	55
a dog have a sweater on . 	a man in a suit jacket be sit on a red couch with a cat . 	56
a blonde woman look for medical supplies for work in a suitcase . 	the blond woman be search for medical supplies in a suitcase . 	57
a boy be at school take a test . 	the boy be take a test at school . 	58
a old man wear a hat stand outside a shop door . 	a man in a oversized shirt sit at a shop 	59
Sculptor apply concrete to large statue of human figure standing with no head . 	a person be stand in front of a building hold aloft some plywood 	60
a boy with dark hair be in water and be look up . 	the man be short hair . 	61
a pole be behind a person that be play peekaboo with a child . 	there be a child with a ball 	62
a woman be about to paint . 	a boy be about to take a picture . 	63
the carriage be draw by a horse . 	a man ride on a bicycle by side of building . 	64
a man work at the steel mill 	a man work in a foundry . 	65
the young woman be flirt with the young boy . 	the girl be young and cheery . 	66
a woman look at a duck as she walk behind it . 	a woman be go on a walk with she dog . 	67
the man be about to score in a water polo tournament 	the two man be about to compete in a match . 	68
man sit on a bench drink from a mug surround by rug . 	a man be sit on one of two red bench and stare into a kiosk . 	69
a man eat popcorn while watch cartoon late one night . 	a man and a girl be watch cartoon at home 	70
three man sit on a bench . 	two man sit on a bench . 	71
the road be long . 	there be nothing on the side of the road . 	72
a small blond boy slide head first down a blue playground slide toward another blond youth . 	a young boy with he hair stand up , be slide down a blue slide 	73
the four woman be practice for a upcoming match . 	the woman be in a play 	74
a young man wear a white t-shirt and green and black shorts stand on a stump . 	a man wear a white shirt and red and black shorts be run on the sidewalk . 	75
man on step 	a man sit on step . 	76
a dog under the stair 	a dog be rest on the stair . 	77
there be a young girl . 	there be a young boy with the woman . 	78
two woman give a demonstration at a Renaissance Fair . 	two people be do a demonstration at a renaissance fair . 	79
a woman paint a picture of a large building which can be see in the background . 	a person paint a picture of a large building which can be see in the background . 	80
some guy sit on a couch watch television . 	a guy be sit on the couch watch tv 	81
a woman be pose for a Christmas card . 	a girl be take a photo . 	82
two kid be play a game of Foosball . 	the kid be play a game with each other . 	83
the man be in a desert field . 	the man be outside in the field . 	84
a little boy be drink from a juice packet . 	a boy be drink from a juice packet . 	85
a man have he ski ready for the field to get iced out 	a man on a boat get ready to pull in he net to see what he catch . 	86
the biker be do dangerous stunt . 	a biker be do stunt . 	87
a musician be smear jam on he white guitar at a concert . 	trombonist play the she instrument in a band for a parade . 	88
a man be work on he farm . 	a old guy be work on he farm and a cow kick he . 	89
a pair of young boy in t-shirt be hide in the wood with one look aghast . 	two smile little girl play in a fountain with other people . 	90
a group of people play soccer on a soccer field in front of a crowd . 	a group of man play soccer in a stadium full of people . 	91
a man be enjoy watch three asian child dance . 	a man be watch three asian kid dance . 	92
a girl be talk to she dad on a cellphone . 	a girl be talk on she phone . 	93
one person wield a umbrella . 	one person be hold a umbrella . 	94
a woman walk down the side of a highway . 	a man be stand on one foot on a bridge . 	95
a group of teenager jump and have a good time . 	a group of kid have a good time . 	96
a man call for a taxi at the airport on a sunny day . 	a man be outside on a July day . 	97
a man be play he guitar at Joe 's Cafe . 	the man be play the drum for he mom . 	98
a young boy have a red fishing pole . 	a young boy stand over a bridge with a fishing pole . 	99
a player bounce a ball . 	a player catch a ball . 	100
someone be on a blanket . 	the person be make a blanket . 	101
men compete in a contest . 	two woman compete in a contest . 	102
the puppy be outdoor . 	a man in print board shorts be do a yoga pose on the beach . 	103
the man have a orange shirt . 	the woman have a orange shirt . 	104
the two kid look at the product sell inside the subway shop . 	the kid be steal from a store . 	105
the baby boy want he mother . 	a baby boy be happy to see he mother . 	106
a young girl in a pink jacket be play a board game . 	a boy in a jacket playing . 	107
a smile caucasian male wear a blue and black striped shirt it about to take a photograph . 	a man in a white shirt and black pants be smile . 	108
a person be scale a rock wall . 	a person and a horse be above a fence . 	109
a boy be very close to a girl . 	a girl be close to a boy whose face be not show . 	110
two man be play a game of Scrabble together . 	the two woman be play a game . 	111
six child be clean a room . 	two male child clean up leave in a parking lot . 	112
the girl be very skilled and practice a lot . 	the man be very skilled . 	113
many guard be stand in front of the start line of a race . 	two man in business dress be stand by the side of a road . 	114
there be a cook prepare food . 	a cook be make food . 	115
two man be help a boy . 	two man be with a young child . 	116
a man at a farmer market . 	a man be at a farmer market . 	117
four people walk toward a tower 	two man walk toward a dome-shaped building . 	118
a little girl and boy be read book . 	a older child be play with a doll while gaze out the window . 	119
the child would like to swim . 	the child want to swim . 	120
two skiing people be do cross country skiing . 	people skiing cross country . 	121
a dog take a poop in the street . 	a man make balloon animal for two child on a street corner . 	122
man be fight after a basketball game . 	the man be play a game of basketball . 	123
a kid be talk in class . 	a girl be go to class . 	124
the woman be try to sell something to the individual . 	the man be try to make some money . 	125
people be wait for the firework to start . 	three people be wait for the rain to stop . 	126
a dog prepare to herd three sheep with horn . 	a dog and sheep run together . 	127
people be sit around dimly light table while smile and laugh . 	people be sit on bench . 	128
a dog be chase cow . 	a white dog be chase cow . 	129
one football player try to tackle a player on the oppose team . 	a football player attempt a tackle . 	130
three man be dry to pull a Subaru out of a ditch along a mountain road . 	two man be wait for a ride on the side of a dirt road . 	131
a woman do not have she arm up because she be paralyze from the neck down 	a woman be sit on the step because she trip and hurt she ankle . 	132
people gather in a room . 	people gather together in a room . 	133
the woman in overalls paint a picture for she wall . 	a woman be paint she wall white . 	134
add aspirin to the water could kill the plant . 	man be try to remove oil from a body of water . 	135
five kid be stand in front of a tent . 	people be out sit in front of a garden . 	136
female in a maroon shirt engage in conversation with another female in a tan blazer . 	a girl in a blue dress and another girl in a purple dress , both smile . 	137
Baseball player play a game at the park . 	a basketball player , play in the home come game . 	138
they be prepare for a performance at school . 	two medical professional in green look on at something . 	139
the woman be wear yellow . 	the woman be wear red . 	140
some smile child be stand in front of a ocean sunset . 	people walk in the dark . 	141
a man be do a stunt on he bicycle . 	a man be do a wheelie on he motorcycle . 	142
ten people ride atv . 	4 people be ride bike 	143
two fisherman try to untangle they large fishing net on the side of the road on a cloudy day . 	several man pull a fishing net up on to the beach . 	144
a yellow vested person be do road work . 	a person be do very well on they skateboard . 	145
the woman have brown hair . 	the woman have gray hair . 	146
black and white image of a wave crash in the ocean . 	a small black dog in the ocean with some rock in the background 	147
a lady and she daughter look through a microscope . 	a girl and a lady both look through a microscope . 	148
two worker be sit next to pipe eat lunch 	the construction worker be sit down to eat lunch . 	149
a boy do a skateboard trick on the stair downtown . 	a boy be run on the sidewalk 	150
a group of people live in the desert 	a group of people in the middle of the desert . 	151
two kid be swim . 	six kid be go swimming . 	152
three human be walk a dog . 	three people be walk a dog . 	153
there be people out on the street . 	people be out on the street . 	154
people get they dirty clothes clean 	people be get they clothes clean . 	155
two woman be lose and call for help . 	two asian man be gather material for they business and they child have to come with they . 	156
a man be throw a penny into a fountain . 	a little boy be throw a man in water . 	157
the child be hold musical instrument . 	a group of child be singing and playing instrument 	158
two girl be play doctor inside they house . 	the two girl be walk with they father . 	159
a crowd of man wear paper number on they shirt run in a race . 	several man run down a grass field wear number on the front of they shirt . 	160
a group of people be wear police uniform conduct a arrest . 	a group of police officer be wear protection . 	161
the fruit should be eat with lemon juice in order to prevent oxidation in you stomach . 	three dog growl on one another 	162
a doctor prescribe medicine to a patient . 	a doctor prescribe a medicine . 	163
a woman be in the bathroom . 	the woman be in a bathroom . 	164
spectator take picture of a rally car . 	a crowd of people watch car race down the track . 	165
the man and woman be rest on a couch . 	a man and woman be asleep on the couch . 	166
the man be plan to shoot a wedding 	the woman be go to a wedding . 	167
the boy in the green jersey play goalie on the soccer team . 	the team in blue be play a game against the team in white 	168
the child 's bike get wet . 	she be put away the bike . 	169
a soldier walk a dog . 	a man walk a dog . 	170
a shirtless woman be operate a lawn mower . 	a girl be mow the grass with a lawn mower . 	171
people be near water 	people be near water . 	172
the two officer be drive 	two officer be on horse . 	173
Friends walk into a building 	a man walk along walkway to the store 	174
the lady look sad because no one be buy she wares . 	the lady be sell thing . 	175
the rollerblade be move . 	two vehicle be go towards the camera . 	176
there be a older man near a window . 	a boy be near some stair . 	177
a guy and a girl be rock climb with backpack on . 	two boy be ride on a toy with a blonde girl run long side of they . 	178
in Abu Dhabi the Golden Market be one of the premier public outdoor shopping area . 	a busy city square in a asian country . 	179
a pregnant woman be in labor 	a woman have a child . 	180
a flock of bird hover over the sandy beach . 	Birds be fly at a beach . 	181
people walk home 	people wait . 	182
the religious people be enjoy the outdoors . 	the group of people be enjoy the outdoors . 	183
a girl in water without goggles or a swimming cap . 	a girl in water , with goggles and swim cap . 	184
a man be perform a stunt outdoors . 	a young man on a beach be perform skateboard stunt . 	185
a man be laugh with a woman 	a man and a woman laughing . 	186
he be about to run into the boat 	the man be get he boat clean to take it out on the water . 	187
2 cow be in a field . 	two sheep be in a field . 	188
a wet child enjoy the summer . 	a woman be enjoy the summer weather . 	189
there be girl strand on the roof . 	the couple be on the bed . 	190
there be four snowboarder go off a jump and that be in the air . 	two racer be come to a turn . 	191
the girl have a driver 's license 	a man have a driver 's license . 	192
people on motorcycle wear race gear ride around a racetrack 	people on motorcycle ride around a racetrack 	193
a man be stand on the ground with a paintbrush 	a man with a crutch lie on the ground . 	194
the kid be at the theater watch a movie . 	it be picture day for the boy 	195
two woman walk down the sidewalk to the store . 	two woman walk down the sidewalk in the afternoon . 	196
a man have he son on he back 	a man spend he time with he son . 	197
a group of dark-skinned people be walk past barb wire . 	two woman be gossip by a fence . 	198
zombie parade around eat brain . 	the zombie be eat flesh together . 	199
a group of people be sit at at a beach on towel watch the Blue Angels . 	a group of people be sit at a beach watch the Blue Angels . 	200
a basketball player make the 5th rebound of the night , 	a tennis player in the middle of a game . 	201
three people be meet for coffee . 	two people make coffee . 	202
a young girl with dirt on she face and a red child 's bike be in the background . 	the old woman in shorts and a white t-shirt be stand on a path watch child play . 	203
a helicopter be get ready to take off . 	the plane be get ready to take off . 	204
a line of scooter be parking in the middle of a street . 	a line of motor bike be park in the middle of a street . 	205
a man hold a cat . 	a man hold a dog . 	206
a man do a jump bike trick surround by tree . 	a boy ride a green trick bike over some step outdoors . 	207
three guy in speedo have they foot up on the railing of a boat get a tan . 	a few man on the deck be drop another man into the water 	208
a group wade across a witch 	a group wade across a ditch 	209
a woman jump and pose for the camera . 	a woman pose for the camera . 	210
a man be on a rooftop 	a man be hold a microphone in a room . 	211
there be two man near a wall . 	three woman be sit near a wall . 	212
the cat be run through the grass . 	some dog run through the park . 	213
the two boy be play kick ball back and forth to each other . 	the player be kick each other while attempt to kick the ball . 	214
two girl be run . 	three boy be run . 	215
the two man be wear jeans . 	the two man be wear pants . 	216
a little girl in a white blouse and blue pants frolic on the grass . 	a woman in a green shirt and white pants golf on the green . 	217
the man without a shirt be jump . 	the man jump be not wear a shirt . 	218
the woman be hold the hand of the man . 	the woman be check the eye of the man . 	219
a man walk he dog on the beach . 	a man with he dog on the beach . 	220
the child be the woman 's kid . 	there be a boy and a girl . 	221
a soccer player be kick the ball . 	the soccer player give the ball a high kick . 	222
two boy in black swimming trunk be hold another boy by he arm and leg on a beach . 	man in white shirt flip young boy in the water with four other boy surround they . 	223
the player shoot the win point . 	the basketball player be about to score point for he team . 	224
a man in a white shirt and hat play a guitar . 	a man in a green shirt and black hat play a guitar on stage . 	225
a black hooded man be use a large magnifying glass to look at a booklet . 	a white hooded woman be use a magnifying glass to look at a booklet . 	226
the people be run a marathon 	people be run a marathon 	227
a motorcross driver go by during a race 	a race car driver perform in the race of he life . 	228
a group of people be nervous about cross the water . 	a group of people be on the water . 	229
a group of kid be have a jump contest . 	a group of kid be have a sleepover . 	230
the gate be blue . 	the gate be yellow . 	231
the person be wear a fedora . 	a man be wear a uniform . 	232
a woman and a man embrace while watch a horror movie . 	a man and a woman watch a movie together . 	233
a man in a blue dress shirt . 	a man in a white shirt and blue pants be talk with a woman in a pink shirt . 	234
a couple be play the game of Life . 	the family be play a game together . 	235
the head of a child with dark glass be in focus . 	there be a woman with a full head of hair . 	236
a dog walk along a beach with break wave . 	a boy with a oar walk out of the surf and onto a beach . 	237
a pair of man walk along the beach . 	two man stand in the surf on a beach . 	238
blond woman in a tunnel . 	the couple kissing be near a blond woman . 	239
a maintenance guy be repair a net on a tennis court . 	a man remove a tennis net . 	240
a kid sit on a soccer ball outside . 	a kid sit on a soccer ball at the park . 	241
the raven drone as be hop along the grass . 	the skinny dog with the long tail be travel through the field . 	242
a man in a brown coat rub he nose . 	a bald man with a red beard hold he hand near he mouth . 	243
the dog be chase the goose . 	one dog be chase the other . 	244
small child play with letter p 	2 young girl be sit in front of a bookcase and 1 be read a book . 	245
a brown dog be jump . 	a brown dog be jump 	246
the man be catch a ball 	a man be kick a ball . 	247
two man be sit in the room . 	two man be stand in a room . 	248
a group of teenager in red shirt be smile . 	a group of people be wear orange shirt . 	249
the woman be wait for she date . 	the woman be on she way to a date . 	250
