people show they affection for each other . 	a woman give something to other lady . 	1
two child be dance 	kid be dance . 	2
two fisherman walk to work on the pier . 	two child play in the water by a pier and building . 	3
the girl be try to hit a piñata . 	a sad boy in a surfing shirt be swing on a swing . 	4
a tracking dog be sniff the group try to find the scent of the criminal . 	the woman be sniff the other . 	5
the pony be friendly . 	the pony be in love 	6
a large group of triathlon athlete be compete in a race through the street of the city . 	a group of outdoor enthusiast be travel as a group to they campsite up in the mountain . 	7
a group of people be rest near hill and cliff . 	a group of girl be overlook the water . 	8
a adult and a child be ruin they nail . 	a adult and a child sit down and both be bite they fingernail . 	9
people be buy vegetable . 	some of the people be shop for clothes . 	10
one man play the guitar while another play the drum on stage . 	the man be play a guitar while another play the drum behind he . 	11
the group of man compete . 	the group of man be from Chippendales . 	12
there be a very large crowd watch the presentation 	there be a crowd watch a performance . 	13
they be sing too . 	two musician be completely out of tune . 	14
there be a lady carry child in she two hand . 	the woman 's hand be full with what she be carry . 	15
many people be rest in the grass . 	the people be sleep in the grass . 	16
the woman walk alone on the sidewalk . 	a woman walk on the sidewalk . 	17
a pianist and a singer be ready to perform . 	the musician have a guitar and be wait to perform . 	18
they be alone . 	they be alone . 	19
a cigarette be light . 	a man be smoke a cigarette and hold a honeycomb . 	20
a boy be in a office building . 	a child be in a office building . 	21
a monkey eat 	the kid eat a frog 	22
a dog jump over obstacle for a canine show . 	a dog jump over something . 	23
a man be hold hat try to sell they on the street . 	a man try to sell something on the street . 	24
the tree be all lush and green . 	all of the tree be green with freshly bloom leaf . 	25
a older woman sit next to a small girl who be wear a striped dress . 	a woman be dress up . 	26
they be watch they favorite team play . 	they be cheer for they favorite team . 	27
you can see more than one dog in the photo . 	you can see that there be more than one animal in the shot . 	28
a man wear a helmet ride he bicycle on the street . 	a man be ride a blue bicycle helmet down a busy street . 	29
a woman sit while play a guitar . 	a woman be play a piano . 	30
a woman look at another person . 	a woman be look at a person . 	31
the police be try to help people . 	the people be try to get home . 	32
a boy with a pacifier in he mouth be sit in a suitcase . 	a child in a stroller with a pacifier in its mouth . 	33
there be people participate in competitive swimming . 	these people be swim in a competition . 	34
a group of people sit around discuss something . 	there be a group of people stand around , look like they be wait for something . 	35
a group of people pose outside a building for a photo shoot of a magazine . 	a group of people pose for a photograph . 	36
a group of three young adult stop to pose for a photo outside a clothing store . 	the child be take a picture outside . 	37
a girl run down the street . 	a boy run down the street . 	38
a young man turn a screwdriver . 	a young person turn a screwdriver . 	39
a boy be with he pet . 	a man hold a child and a baby . 	40
a man fly on a carpet . 	dog pull a man on a sled down a hill . 	41
the woman be cry while she play the guitar . 	the man be singing and the woman be play guitar . 	42
the child jump to the other mattress . 	the child be hold the toy up to he eye . 	43
a shirtless boy be take a nap in the grass . 	a boy walk in the grass . 	44
a man sleep in he bed . 	a old person sleep in a bed . 	45
the white dog be get a bath in the canine hairdresser . 	the white dog be take a bath 	46
a woman reading while wait for a train . 	a man be read while wait for a bus . 	47
a asian man standing by a door point to something . 	a person stand with they back to we . 	48
a woman and a young girl be seat at a table in a restaurant . 	a woman and a boy be sit at a table 	49
the man wear a thong and be stand on the stool . 	a man wear tan pants and blue shirt be sit on a sidewalk rest . 	50
a girl be read about train . 	there be a girl reading . 	51
the animal be domesticate . 	the dog be reptile . 	52
two man be together prepare to do gymnastics . 	the man and woman be go to perform . 	53
a person be tie he hair in a forest 	a person be in the water and throw they hair back . 	54
the window be small . 	the room be large 	55
one girl be wet another with she water gun . 	a girl be inside with she dog 	56
a group of hiker wear green , red and black standing in the dirt in a wooded area 	two brown and white dog fight on a grassy area in front of a tree . 	57
the man have put on elbow pad and a helmet . 	the man have on elbow pad . 	58
two rider on they horse on a racetrack . 	two dog race on a track . 	59
a man be stand next to two child on a hot day . 	a man and woman be run to the store on a summer day 	60
a man in a blue shirt be in a hut in a village . 	the man in a blue sweatshirt be in a kitchen . 	61
a cameraman go out to eat with he family . 	a man be wait for he friend to catch up . 	62
a man be sit in a taxi . 	the woman be in a taxi cab . 	63
the nose have a mucus inside . 	the dog have a stick in it be mouth . 	64
a man fishing be relax while fishing . 	a man be fishing alone . 	65
two people be talk about life at a table . 	there be two people look at a book . 	66
a man stand on a ladder near huge tank . 	a man on a ladder be power wash a building . 	67
there be a lot of people out in front of a enlarged giant figure of Oscar the Grumpy 	many people be lead a giant blow-up figure of Oscar the Grouch in he can down a street . 	68
a person be try to hit the ball . 	a child be try to hit a ball . 	69
a cowboy and he horse slip in the mud . 	man with cowboy hat load a chest onto a pack of horse in the wilderness . 	70
men feel hot . 	the people get wet in the rain , and they think it be funny . 	71
a nun look for weapon in a priest . 	a elderly man be hold a gun . 	72
a person in a SpongeBob costume await a hot dog . 	a dog be in a dog show . 	73
mischief in a indoor pool . 	a little girl be cover in a towel at a swimming pool . 	74
baby be work on a construction site . 	two people be work at a construction site . 	75
the dog sleep in heap . 	a dog lay in the water . 	76
a dog run through a mud puddle 	a child scoop dirt into a bucket . 	77
the child be in a karate tournament . 	two martial art student spar in a tournament . 	78
there be a taco buffet . 	the buffet be only seafood . 	79
the pet have a leash for safety . 	this man have safety gear on . 	80
some people wait for a taxi . 	some people wait for a train . 	81
a automobile accident 	a crash immobilize a car . 	82
the band be in a parade . 	the band be in a Christmas parade . 	83
person on horseback 	the person ride a horse . 	84
a lawn mower be right next to a person . 	the guy be stand next to a tree . 	85
some people in a building . 	people be in a building . 	86
a man be in a race with a scooter . 	a man run in a race . 	87
the yellow and green team play soccer 	the football team be wear red and green 	88
the woman be sit on the ski lift 	the people be on a ski lift 	89
a large number of railway worker wear orange vest that shine by day and hard hat be stand on some railroad track . 	several worker in orange vest and white construction hat hold blue bag be work along side railroad track . 	90
a young asian boy run with a white and gray dog on green grass . 	a black dog and a brown and white dog run in the grass . 	91
a mother and daughter be cooking . 	a older woman be cook for she family . 	92
a african-american band be play outdoors on a stage surround by tree . 	there be a band perform in front of a large crowd 	93
a man climb the step between two house at night 	two people sit at a table under a tent as a third man stand near they . 	94
a lady walk outside . 	a lady and girl walk outside 	95
the classroom be for adult only . 	the child be in a classroom . 	96
the man be fly a space shuttle . 	THere be a plane in the hangar . 	97
a woman in comfortable clothes be fix she toenail . 	there be a woman get she hand paint 	98
there be a old man , iron a shirt for he job . 	a man with a shirt be do work . 	99
a professional roofer think about how better be other form of roof . 	the human have some float thing while in the white hard stuff . 	100
a brown and white dog standing on the bank of the river look at he master . 	a brown and white dog be stand in the river by the bank . 	101
he feel the rhythm 	nobody be play the drumset . 	102
two people cross the street in front of a ambulance . 	a group of people be walk along the side of the road . 	103
a young boy play a video game at a McDonald 's restaurant . 	a boy play a video game at mCDonald 's 	104
the woman be outside wait for a walk . 	a woman be wait for the bus . 	105
four guy on a boat together 	three boy put together a sailboat . 	106
a brown dog run across a open field . 	a brown dog run through a field . 	107
group of child fight . 	a group of girl 	108
people look at a garden 	people sit at a garden . 	109
a woman wear something look happy . 	a man be help someone get dress . 	110
two small dog be in a cage outside . 	the two dog be in a cage . 	111
the lady be trot down the street . 	the man walk down the street with they kid . 	112
a person animate from the stand . 	a person standing in a crowd . 	113
the animal be in cage at the zoo . 	the dog be in cage . 	114
men with long hair play instrument while they dog lie on the couch 	the dog be play with a rope . 	115
a girl with dark brown hair be sit at a table and look over she shoulder . 	a woman with orange hair be look over she left shoulder . 	116
a black and white dog lie down with a large stick under its paw . 	a white and brown cat be lay down on a red jacket with a rodent standing on it . 	117
a group of people run a float 	a group of people on a break . 	118
two young woman in black t-shirt eat at a table . 	the two woman in blue shirt eat dinner with the kid . 	119
dog drink some water in the grass 	the dog be in water . 	120
the man in the gray hat have slip on the ice . 	the boy in the green shirt swing with one arm on the silver pole . 	121
cyclist drive bicycle . 	a skier skiing . 	122
two people sit on a wooden bench by the tree in front of a white building . 	man lay on a wooden bench with other people in the background . 	123
three dog look like a human hold a pink ball on the beach . 	a man and a dog be on the sand . 	124
a couple be walk they dog outdoors . 	a couple be walk outdoors . 	125
a young man dancing for a small audience . 	a sad woman put on a dance for a small audience . 	126
some cat run in the desert 	the dog be run in the desert . 	127
a man in a blue coat walk to a small white animal while a bus pass in the background . 	a person in a red dress be run behind a black animal . 	128
the monk be play jump rope on the road . 	two man be play jump rope in the middle of the street . 	129
two woman be climb . 	two man be jump . 	130
a old man skiing downhill while it snow . 	a skier go down the snowy hill . 	131
the food be barbecue 	the food be hot 	132
a family walk under large wooden beam . 	a person sit under tree and a large metal sculpture . 	133
a orange dragster park on the runway . 	a race car be on the dirt track . 	134
there be at least two male . 	the two people be both male . 	135
a boy and a woman be in the snow sledding and playing . 	a man and a child be sledding in the snow together . 	136
a young boy in velcro shoe and a blue t-shirt hang from a harness on a dock . 	a man in a blue shirt be look up at a dog . 	137
the three actor be on the stage act . 	two man be perform on a stage . 	138
emergency worker with hose line up and down stair . 	fireman look down a set of stair . 	139
a man be kiss with he wife in a crowd . 	a man be show off for he friend . 	140
a guy paint a ad . 	a man paint a picture . 	141
three child sit in a outdoor seat . 	two woman sit in a room . 	142
there be a man wear a yellow shirt ride a unicycle . 	there be a person wear a red shirt ride a skateboard . 	143
the boy in a bathing suit be lie face down on a damp pavement . 	a dog with mud stick on he underside be run on grass . 	144
the girl sing 	people dance 	145
a young asian boy be give a young asian girl a ride on he shoulder 	a white asian boy be give young asian girl a piggyback ride . 	146
a person be go to work on he bicycle . 	there be a person work on a bicycle . 	147
people carry food in tray 	people hold container on alcohol . 	148
the fortune say will turn out to be true . 	the street post do not have anything on it . 	149
a bicycle race in the snow stop while the cyclist 's bicycle be repair by a mechanic . 	this man be ride a skateboard on a bike jump . 	150
a man standing in a shadow . 	a man be stand on a ladder . 	151
three brother pose outside the family business . 	a group of friend be shop . 	152
a crowd watch a man cut log . 	a blond-haired man in a blue shirt surround by screen sit at a desk and talk into a microphone . 	153
the man be with a dog . 	the dog be with a woman . 	154
a well dress man walk through a rural area 	a man and a boy be walk in a desert area . 	155
a african american woman look into a microscope with image of microorganism on she desk . 	a woman and a girl view a piece of artwork up close . 	156
a shave man run at full speed down the sidewalk with a white leotard . 	a young woman with a shave head in a brown skirt and sandal walk past a stone building . 	157
a woman and a man be kiss on the boardwalk . 	a man be sleep between two flag . 	158
a man standing on a cliff . 	a man on a cliff . 	159
the bird be on the tree 	the bird sit on the tree branch . 	160
cyclist in a bicycle race turn abruptly to the left . 	a rally race car be navigate around a turn on a race course surround by hay bail . 	161
two woman compete in a kick-boxing fight . 	two woman compete in a soccer match . 	162
woman be audition for swan lake . 	some boy be go swimming in the lake . 	163
the child be play football . 	the boy be play baseball . 	164
two child be sit on a beach . 	two girl prepare a small sailboat as two boy watch they from the beach . 	165
he successfully complete a set of martial art move . 	a martial art student kick a wooden board to advance in he rank . 	166
the man with the yellow team be about to rappel from a high distance . 	a person in black be off in the distance . 	167
construction worker sit near a railroad track . 	a line of construction worker walk along a train track under a overpass . 	168
the grumpy guy be play a instrument outside 	there be a guy play a instrument . 	169
three photographer take a picture of a skater do a trick on one of the photographer . 	the photographer be take a picture of four woman look at the camera with blank face . 	170
three young man stand against a wall converse as a young boy look forward hold a poster . 	two young boy hold a man 's hand . 	171
small asian child get ready for a sport game . 	the kid be play a friendly game of one on one soccer . 	172
a man be roast duck in he oven 	a man have a piece of chicken . 	173
the performance will be on the news . 	the sign have at least one word on it . 	174
a dog sniff another dog . 	a dog chase another dog . 	175
the musician decide to stay home tonight . 	the man wait until night to go home . 	176
the two man in blue jacket be brother . 	the two man in blue jacket be sit down . 	177
several people be walk . 	there be several people walk . 	178
a farmer gather he cow . 	a farmer drive on two cattle to plow a field for he work as he grow corn crop 	179
three people stare at the screen of the mobile phone . 	three people be smile at the camera . 	180
a woman try to keep child away from she parent . 	man give the child back to parent 	181
a man come to work with the cable above a desk . 	man put he foot up on a desk . 	182
the rock be about to fall on the man . 	the rock hold the boy be about to roll . 	183
the girl be walk 	the boy be walk 	184
a child wear a David Wright t-shirt outdoors . 	a young man be wear a suit outdoors . 	185
the man 's sweatshirt be gray . 	the man be wear gray 	186
a woman wear black pants be hold a pierce hammer next to a broken concrete walkway . 	a woman wear a blue skirt be on a walkway look at a body of water . 	187
a group of people pose in front of the ocean . 	a small group of people be sit on the bank of a large body of water in the grass . 	188
a man and a boy be fix a truck in a garage . 	a man be work on a truck . 	189
a guy repair a jacket . 	a man repair a shoe . 	190
the man dance in the street while another man look . 	a woman and a man be dance in the street . 	191
boy play in a park 	people play a game at the park 	192
two competitor be in a race . 	three runner be race . 	193
the man in blue stand at the column . 	Woman in pink top walk past 3 man sit on the step . 	194
a old woman look at life on a park bench . 	a old man lay on a park bench . 	195
a dental procedure . 	a child be receive painful dental surgery 	196
child have very clean face . 	some people be make funny face while they get they picture take . 	197
the couple be away on they honeymoon 	the couple smile before leave for they honeymoon . 	198
sled dog be outside . 	the dog be pull a sled . 	199
a group of butcher be try recipe make with meat that they cut . 	the cook be put together the ingredient for a massive burrito . 	200
a man do windsurfing in the ocean . 	a man be snorkele in the ocean . 	201
a child on the shoulder of a man . 	a man and a boy in shorts stand on a bridge 	202
a man in a skating park be do a ollie in a half-pipe in front of the beach 	a man in a skate park be do a ollie in a half-pipe near the beach 	203
the man have a beard . 	a bearded man be outside . 	204
two woman wait for the light of the pedestrian cross to change to green . 	the people be wait for the light to turn green . 	205
woman clean the debris leave on they porch 	Woman inside sweep the floor . 	206
illegal logger fell a giant tree in the spring forest . 	the spotted dog chew on the bark of a pine tree . 	207
a athlete be move . 	the athlete be move . 	208
the two child be play hide and seek . 	the boy be home play hide and seek 	209
a man wear a hat and wait for a bus . 	a man in a blue shirt and a hat be sit in a truck . 	210
a man build he house . 	a man build a house . 	211
garden tool be in the greenhouse 	the street be empty and the building be white . 	212
she be walk through the public park . 	a person be walk through the park . 	213
a man in a red sweater be wait at a street food stand . 	a little girl be stand on the street , hold a red bag . 	214
a man have brown hair along with a woman who have blonde hair . 	a woman with blonde and brown hair have she arm around a man 	215
a little boy be outside . 	a woman be near a little kid . 	216
a man juggle a crowd . 	a man and a crowd . 	217
a black dog run very fast with a blond woman run after he in the background . 	a young girl do a back flip in the water . 	218
a woman sit on a chair show child a book . 	a female child turn the page of a book while she sit on a colorful stool 	219
two man in suit be cycle through a crosswalk . 	two man be jogging on a trail . 	220
two man take the warm sun . 	the man be in the hot sun . 	221
two people be stand outside a shop on a city street . 	the people be stand in a crowded store . 	222
bicycle be on a road . 	bicycle be lay on the side of the road . 	223
people pay for they purchase in the store . 	family wait to enter the store for a big sale . 	224
the guy be at home sleeping . 	the guy be sleep at home . 	225
the boy finish open all he Christmas present . 	a woman be in the process of change she clothes for she big date tonight . 	226
people be happy to be on the beach . 	people be at a beach . 	227
the lady be sit near the fruit . 	a lady in green be walk outside . 	228
the white child be on the bar , while the brown be on the bottom . 	the two girl be in the water and one have a white shirt on . 	229
waitress work at a restaurant cut watermelon . 	a restaurant make vegetable for everyone who enter 	230
a man be shop in the middle . 	a man be shop in a mall . 	231
a hockey player be skate on ice . 	a hockey player be sit on the ice . 	232
there be a woman ride a horse . 	a person be ride a horse outside . 	233
a man in a store 	a man in a supermarket . 	234
a man jump in the air 	a man be jump into the air . 	235
the dog be asleep in bed . 	a dog be asleep on the bed . 	236
three swimmer be get ready to start they swimming competition . 	the swimming competitor prepare for they meet . 	237
the two man be run . 	two of the three man be run . 	238
a man be read a book near the fireplace . 	a man be read a book on the couch . 	239
the man be stand after he performance on the play . 	the person be take a break from the game in the picture 	240
a little girl run in a field 	a little girl be run in a field . 	241
a group of people watch as the bride and groom exchange they vow . 	a group of people wait for they turn to cross the street . 	242
after the birth of a baby , the nurse make sure that it be okay . 	the woman be get ready for the day . 	243
two man stand in a sleep area . 	three man be walk in front of a tent . 	244
a man be pump air on the tire of he bicycle . 	a man be pump air into he bicycle . 	245
the man be talk on the phone in the bathroom . 	a man be by the door look at he phone . 	246
a man asleep in a fountain in the open air . 	a man be look at a outdoor shower . 	247
a woman run down the street hold a accordion . 	a man in a business suit walk down the street . 	248
a little boy take photo . 	a man and little boy be get a picture take . 	249
a woman give a lecture on the property tax . 	a man be work at a cash register . 	250
