People show their affection for each other . 	A women giving something to other lady . 	1
Two children are dancing 	Kids are dancing . 	2
Two fishermen walking to work on the pier . 	Two children play in the water by a pier and building . 	3
The girl is trying to hit a piñata . 	A sad boy in a surfing shirt is swinging on a swing . 	4
A tracking dog is sniffing the group trying to find the scent of the criminal . 	The woman is sniffing the other . 	5
The ponies are friendly . 	The ponies are in love 	6
A large group of triathlon athletes are competing in a race through the streets of the city . 	A group of outdoor enthusiasts are traveling as a group to their campsite up in the mountains . 	7
A group of people is resting near hills and cliffs . 	A group of girls are overlooking the water . 	8
An adult and a child are ruining their nails . 	An adult and a child sitting down and both are biting their fingernails . 	9
People are buying vegetables . 	Some of the people are shopping for clothes . 	10
One man plays the guitar while another plays the drums on stage . 	The man is playing a guitar while another plays the drums behind him . 	11
The group of men competed . 	The group of men are from Chippendales . 	12
There is a very large crowd watching the presentation 	There is a crowd watching a performance . 	13
They are singing too . 	Two musicians are completely out of tune . 	14
There is a lady carrying children in her two hands . 	The woman 's hands are full with what she is carrying . 	15
Many people are resting in the grass . 	The people are sleeping in the grass . 	16
The woman walks alone on the sidewalk . 	A woman walks on the sidewalk . 	17
A pianist and a singer are ready to perform . 	The musician have a guitar and is waiting to perform . 	18
They are alone . 	They are alone . 	19
A cigarette is light . 	A man is smoking a cigarette and holding a honeycomb . 	20
A boy is in an office building . 	A child is in an office building . 	21
A monkey eats 	the kid eats a frog 	22
A dog jumps over obstacles for a canine show . 	A dog jumps over something . 	23
A man is holding hats trying to sell them on the street . 	A man tries to sell something on the street . 	24
The trees are all lush and green . 	All of the trees are green with freshly bloomed leaves . 	25
An older woman sits next to a small girl who is wearing a striped dress . 	A woman is dressed up . 	26
They are watching their favorite team play . 	They are cheering for their favorite team . 	27
You can see more than one dog in the photo . 	You can see that there is more than one animal in the shot . 	28
A man wearing a helmet riding his bicycle on the street . 	A man is riding a blue bicycle helmet down a busy street . 	29
A woman sits while playing a guitar . 	A woman is playing a piano . 	30
A woman looks at another person . 	A woman is looking at a person . 	31
The police are trying to help people . 	The people are trying to get home . 	32
A boy with a pacifier in his mouth is sitting in a suitcase . 	A child in a stroller with a pacifier in its mouth . 	33
There are people participating in competitive swimming . 	These people are swimming in a competition . 	34
A group of people sitting around discussing something . 	There is a group of people standing around , looking like they are waiting for something . 	35
A group of people posing outside a building for a photo shoot of a magazine . 	A group of people pose for a photograph . 	36
A group of three young adults stopped to pose for a photo outside a clothing store . 	The children are taking a picture outside . 	37
A girl runs down the street . 	A boy runs down the street . 	38
A young man turning a screwdriver . 	A young person turning a screwdriver . 	39
A boy is with his pet . 	A man holding a child and a baby . 	40
A man flies on a carpet . 	Dogs pull a man on a sled down a hill . 	41
The woman is crying while she plays the guitar . 	The man is singing and the woman is playing guitar . 	42
The child jumps to the other mattress . 	The child is holding the toys up to his eyes . 	43
A shirtless boy is taking a nap in the grass . 	A boy walking in the grass . 	44
A man sleeps in his bed . 	An old person sleeps in a bed . 	45
The white dog is getting a bath in the canine hairdressers . 	The white dog is taking a bath 	46
A woman reading while waiting for a train . 	A man is reading while waiting for a bus . 	47
An Asian man standing by a door points to something . 	A person stands with their back to us . 	48
A woman and a young girl are seated at a table in a restaurant . 	a woman and a boy are sitting at a table 	49
The man wears a thong and is standing on the stool . 	A man wearing tan pants and blue shirt is sitting on a sidewalk resting . 	50
A girl is reading about trains . 	There is a girl reading . 	51
The animals are domesticated . 	The dogs are reptiles . 	52
Two men are together preparing to do gymnastics . 	The men and women are going to perform . 	53
A person is tying his hair in a forest 	A person is in the water and throwing their hair back . 	54
The window is small . 	the room is large 	55
One girl is wetting another with her water gun . 	A girl is inside with her dog 	56
A group of hikers wearing green , red and black standing in the dirt in a wooded area 	Two brown and white dogs fighting on a grassy area in front of a tree . 	57
The man has put on elbow pads and a helmet . 	The man has on elbow pads . 	58
Two riders on their horses on a racetrack . 	Two dogs racing on a track . 	59
A man is standing next to two children on a hot day . 	A man and woman are running to the store on a Summer day 	60
A man in a blue shirt is in a hut in a village . 	The man in a blue sweatshirt is in a kitchen . 	61
A cameraman goes out to eat with his family . 	A man is waiting for his friend to catch up . 	62
A man is sitting in a taxi . 	The woman is in a taxi cab . 	63
The nose has a mucus inside . 	The dog has a stick in it 's mouth . 	64
A man fishing is relaxing while fishing . 	A man is fishing alone . 	65
Two people are talking about life at a table . 	There are two people looking at a book . 	66
A man stands on a ladder near huge tanks . 	A man on a ladder is power washing a building . 	67
There are a lot of people out in front of an enlarged giant figure of Oscar the Grumpy 	Many people are leading a giant blow-up figure of Oscar the Grouch in his can down a street . 	68
A person is trying to hit the ball . 	A child is trying to hit a ball . 	69
A cowboy and his horse slip in the mud . 	Man with cowboy hat loading a chest onto a pack of horses in the wilderness . 	70
Men feel hot . 	The people get wet in the rain , and they think it is funny . 	71
A nun looks for weapons in a priest . 	An elderly man is holding a gun . 	72
A person in a SpongeBob costume awaits a hot dog . 	A dog is in a dog show . 	73
Mischief in an indoor pool . 	A little girl is covered in a towel at a swimming pool . 	74
Babies are working on a construction site . 	Two people are working at a construction site . 	75
The dogs sleep in heaps . 	A dog laying in the water . 	76
A dog runs through a mud puddle 	A child scoops dirt into a bucket . 	77
The children are in a karate tournament . 	Two martial art students spar in a tournament . 	78
There is a tacos buffet . 	The buffet is only seafood . 	79
The pet has a leash for safety . 	This man has safety gear on . 	80
Some people wait for a taxi . 	Some people wait for a train . 	81
An automobile accident 	A crash immobilizes a car . 	82
The band is in a parade . 	The band is in a Christmas parade . 	83
Person on horseback 	The person rode a horse . 	84
A lawn mower is right next to a person . 	The guy is standing next to a tree . 	85
Some people in a building . 	People are in a building . 	86
A man was in a race with a scooter . 	A man running in a race . 	87
The yellow and green team played soccer 	the football team is wearing red and green 	88
The women are sitting on the ski lift 	The people are on a ski lift 	89
A large number of railway workers wearing orange vests that shine by day and hard hats are standing on some railroad tracks . 	Several workers in orange vests and white construction hats holding blue bags are working along side railroad tracks . 	90
A young Asian boy running with a white and gray dog on green grass . 	A black dog and a brown and white dog running in the grass . 	91
A mother and daughter are cooking . 	An older woman is cooking for her family . 	92
An African-American band is playing outdoors on a stage surrounded by trees . 	There is a band performing in front of a large crowd 	93
A man climbs the steps between two houses at night 	Two people sit at a table under a tent as a third man stands near them . 	94
A lady walking outside . 	a lady and girl walk outside 	95
The classroom is for adults only . 	The children are in a classroom . 	96
The man is flying a space shuttle . 	THere is a plane in the hangar . 	97
A woman in comfortable clothes is fixing her toenails . 	There is a women getting her hand painted 	98
There 's an old man , ironing a shirt for his job . 	A man with a shirt is doing work . 	99
A professional roofer thinks about how better are other forms of roof . 	The human has some floating things while in the white hard stuff . 	100
A brown and white dog standing on the bank of the river looking at his master . 	A brown and white dog is standing in the river by the bank . 	101
He feels the rhythm 	Nobody is playing the drumset . 	102
Two people cross the street in front of an ambulance . 	A group of people are walking along the side of the road . 	103
A young boy plays a video game at a McDonald 's restaurant . 	A boy plays a video game at mCDonald 's 	104
The woman is outside waiting for a walk . 	A woman is waiting for the bus . 	105
Four guys on a boat together 	Three boys put together a sailboat . 	106
A brown dog running across an open field . 	A brown dog runs through a field . 	107
Group of children fighting . 	A group of girls 	108
People looking at a garden 	People sitting at a garden . 	109
A woman wearing something looks happy . 	A man is helping someone get dressed . 	110
Two small dogs are in a cage outside . 	The two dogs are in a cage . 	111
The ladies are trotting down the street . 	The men walk down the street with their kids . 	112
A person animates from the stands . 	A person standing in a crowd . 	113
The animals are in cages at the zoo . 	The dogs are in cages . 	114
Men with long hair play instruments while their dog lies on the couch 	The dogs are playing with a rope . 	115
A girl with dark brown hair is sitting at a table and looking over her shoulder . 	A woman with orange hair is looking over her left shoulder . 	116
A black and white dog lying down with a large stick under its paw . 	A white and brown cat is laying down on a red jacket with a rodent standing on it . 	117
A group of people run a float 	A group of people on a break . 	118
Two young women in black t-shirts eat at a table . 	The two women in blue shirts eat dinner with the kids . 	119
Dogs drink some water in the grass 	The dogs are in water . 	120
The man in the gray hat has slipped on the ice . 	The boy in the green shirt swings with one arm on the silver pole . 	121
Cyclist driving bicycle . 	A skier skiing . 	122
Two people sit on a wooden bench by the trees in front of a white building . 	Man laying on a wooden bench with other people in the background . 	123
Three dogs look like a human holds a pink ball on the beach . 	A man and a dog are on the sand . 	124
A couple is walking their dogs outdoors . 	A couple are walking outdoors . 	125
A young man dancing for a small audience . 	A sad woman putting on a dance for a small audience . 	126
Some cats running in the desert 	The dogs are running in the desert . 	127
A man in a blue coat walks to a small white animal while a bus passes in the background . 	A person in a red dress is running behind a black animal . 	128
The monks were playing jump rope on the road . 	Two men are playing jump rope in the middle of the street . 	129
Two women are climbing . 	Two men are jumping . 	130
An old man skiing downhill while it snows . 	A skier going down the snowy hill . 	131
The food is barbecue 	the food is hot 	132
A family walks under large wooden beams . 	A person sitting under trees and a large metal sculpture . 	133
An orange dragster parked on the runway . 	A race car is on the dirt track . 	134
There are at least two males . 	The two people are both males . 	135
A boy and a woman are in the snow sledding and playing . 	A man and a child are sledding in the snow together . 	136
A young boy in velcro shoes and a blue t-shirt hangs from a harness on a dock . 	A man in a blue shirt is looking up at a dog . 	137
The three actors are on the stage acting . 	Two men are performing on a stage . 	138
Emergency workers with hoses lined up and down stairs . 	Firemen looking down a set of stairs . 	139
A man is kissing with his wife in a crowd . 	A man is showing off for his friends . 	140
A guy paints an ad . 	A man paints a picture . 	141
Three children sit in an outdoor seat . 	Two women sitting in a room . 	142
There is a man wearing a yellow shirt riding a unicycle . 	There is a person wearing a red shirt riding a skateboard . 	143
The boy in a bathing suit is lying face down on a damp pavement . 	A dog with mud stuck on his underside is running on grass . 	144
The girls sing 	people dancing 	145
A young asian boy is giving a young asian girl a ride on his shoulders 	A white Asian boy is giving young asian girl a piggyback ride . 	146
A person is going to work on his bicycle . 	There is a person working on a bicycle . 	147
People carrying food in trays 	People holding containers on alcohol . 	148
The fortunes said will turn out to be true . 	The street post does not have anything on it . 	149
A bicycle race in the snow stops while the cyclist 's bicycle is repaired by a mechanic . 	This man is riding a skateboard on a bike jump . 	150
A man standing in a shadow . 	A man is standing on a ladder . 	151
Three brothers posing outside the family business . 	A group of friends are shopping . 	152
A crowd watches a man cut logs . 	A blond-haired man in a blue shirt surrounded by screens sitting at a desk and talking into a microphone . 	153
The man is with a dog . 	The dog is with a woman . 	154
A well dressed man walking through a rural area 	A man and a boy are walking in a deserted area . 	155
An African American woman looking into a microscope with images of microorganisms on her desk . 	A woman and a girl view a piece of artwork up close . 	156
A shaved man runs at full speed down the sidewalk with a white leotard . 	A young woman with a shave head in a brown skirt and sandals walking past a stone building . 	157
A woman and a man are kissing on the boardwalk . 	A man is sleeping between two flags . 	158
A man standing on a cliff . 	A man on a cliff . 	159
The bird is on the tree 	The bird sits on the tree branch . 	160
Cyclists in a bicycle race turn abruptly to the left . 	A rally race car is navigating around a turn on a race course surrounded by hay bails . 	161
Two women compete in a kick-boxing fight . 	Two women compete in a soccer match . 	162
Women are auditioning for Swan Lake . 	Some boys are going swimming in the lake . 	163
The children are playing football . 	The boys are playing baseball . 	164
Two children are sitting on a beach . 	Two girls prepare a small sailboat as two boys watch them from the beach . 	165
He successfully completes a set of martial arts moves . 	A martial arts student kicks a wooden board to advance in his rank . 	166
The man with the yellow team is about to rappel from a high distance . 	A person in black is off in the distance . 	167
Construction workers sit near a railroad track . 	A line of construction workers walk along a train track under an overpass . 	168
The grumpy guy is playing an instrument outside 	there is a guy playing an instrument . 	169
Three photographers taking a picture of a skater doing a trick on one of the photographers . 	The photographer is taking a picture of four women looking at the camera with blank faces . 	170
Three young men stand against a wall conversing as a young boy looks forward holding a poster . 	Two young boys hold a man 's hands . 	171
Small Asian children getting ready for a sport game . 	The kids are playing a friendly game of one on one soccer . 	172
A man is roasting duck in his oven 	A man having a piece of chicken . 	173
The performance will be on the news . 	The sign has at least one word on it . 	174
A dog sniffs another dog . 	a dog chases another dog . 	175
The musician decided to stay home tonight . 	The man waited until night to go home . 	176
The two men in blue jackets are brothers . 	The two men in blue jackets are sitting down . 	177
Several people are walking . 	There are several people walking . 	178
A farmer gathers his cows . 	A farmer drives on two cattle to plow a field for his work as he grows corn crops 	179
Three people stare at the screens of the mobile phone . 	Three people are smiling at the camera . 	180
A woman tries to keep children away from her parents . 	Man giving the child back to parents 	181
A man comes to work with the cables above a desk . 	Man puts his feet up on a desk . 	182
The rock is about to fall on the man . 	The rock holding the boy is about to roll . 	183
The girl is walking 	the boy is walking 	184
A child wears a David Wright T-shirt outdoors . 	A young man is wearing a suit outdoors . 	185
The man 's sweatshirt is gray . 	the man is wearing gray 	186
A woman wearing black pants is holding a piercing hammer next to a broken concrete walkway . 	A woman wearing a blue skirt is on a walkway looking at a body of water . 	187
A group of people pose in front of the ocean . 	A small group of people are sitting on the bank of a large body of water in the grass . 	188
A man and a boy are fixing a truck in a garage . 	A man is working on a truck . 	189
A guy repairs a jacket . 	A man repairs a shoe . 	190
The man dances in the street while another man looks . 	A woman and a man are dancing in the street . 	191
Boys play in a park 	people playing a game at the park 	192
Two competitors are in a race . 	Three runners are racing . 	193
The men in blue stand at the column . 	Woman in pink top walking past 3 men sitting on the steps . 	194
An old woman looks at life on a park bench . 	An old man lays on a park bench . 	195
A dental procedure . 	A child is receiving painful dental surgery 	196
Children have very clean faces . 	Some people are making funny faces while they get their picture taken . 	197
The couple was away on their honeymoon 	The couple smiles before leaving for their honeymoon . 	198
Sled dogs are outside . 	The dogs are pulling a sled . 	199
A group of butchers are trying recipes made with meat that they cut . 	The cooks are putting together the ingredients for a massive burrito . 	200
A man doing windsurfing in the ocean . 	A man is snorkeling in the ocean . 	201
A child on the shoulders of a man . 	a man and a boy in shorts stand on a bridge 	202
A man in a skating park is doing an ollie in a half-pipe in front of the beach 	A man in a skate park is doing an ollie in a half-pipe near the beach 	203
The man has a beard . 	A bearded man is outside . 	204
Two women waiting for the light of the pedestrian crossing to change to green . 	The people are waiting for the light to turn green . 	205
Women clean the debris left on their porch 	Woman inside sweeping the floor . 	206
Illegal loggers felled a giant tree in the spring forest . 	The spotted dog chews on the bark of a pine tree . 	207
An athlete is moving . 	The athlete is moving . 	208
The two children are playing hide and seek . 	the boys are home playing hide and seek 	209
A man wears a hat and waits for a bus . 	A man in a blue shirt and a hat is sitting in a truck . 	210
A man building his house . 	A man building a house . 	211
Garden tools are in the greenhouse 	The street is empty and the buildings are white . 	212
She is walking through the public park . 	A person is walking through the park . 	213
A man in a red sweater is waiting at a street food stand . 	A little girl is standing on the street , holding a red bag . 	214
A man has brown hair along with a woman who has blonde hair . 	a women with blonde and brown hair has her arms around a man 	215
A little boy is outside . 	A woman is near a little kid . 	216
A man juggles a crowd . 	A man and a crowd . 	217
A black dog running very fast with a blond woman running after him in the background . 	A young girl doing a back flip in the water . 	218
A woman sitting on a chair showing children a book . 	A female child turns the page of a book while she sits on a colorful stool 	219
Two men in suits are cycling through a crosswalk . 	Two men are jogging on a trail . 	220
Two men taking the warm sun . 	The men are in the hot sun . 	221
Two people are standing outside a shop on a city street . 	The people are standing in a crowded store . 	222
Bicycles are on a road . 	Bicycles are laying on the side of the road . 	223
People pay for their purchases in the store . 	Families wait to enter the store for a big sale . 	224
The guy is at home sleeping . 	The guy is sleeping at home . 	225
The boy finished opening all his Christmas presents . 	A woman is in the process of changing her clothes for her big date tonight . 	226
People are happy to be on the beach . 	People are at a beach . 	227
The lady is sitting near the fruit . 	A lady in green is walking outside . 	228
The white child is on the bars , while the brown is on the bottom . 	The two girls are in the water and one has a white shirt on . 	229
Waitress working at a restaurant cutting watermelon . 	a restaurant makes vegetables for everyone who enters 	230
A man is shopping in the middle . 	A man is shopping in a mall . 	231
A hockey player is skating on ice . 	A hockey player is sitting on the ice . 	232
There 's a woman riding a horse . 	A person is riding a horse outside . 	233
A man in a store 	A man in a supermarket . 	234
A man jumping in the air 	A man is jumping into the air . 	235
The dog is asleep in bed . 	A dog is asleep on the bed . 	236
Three swimmers are getting ready to start their swimming competition . 	The swimming competitors prepare for their meet . 	237
The two men are running . 	two of the three men are running . 	238
A man is reading a book near the fireplace . 	A man is reading a book on the couch . 	239
The man is standing after his performance on the play . 	the person is taking a break from the game in the picture 	240
A little girl running in a field 	A little girl is running in a field . 	241
A group of people watches as the bride and groom exchange their vows . 	A group of people wait for their turn to cross the street . 	242
After the birth of a baby , the nurses make sure that it is okay . 	The woman is getting ready for the day . 	243
Two men standing in a sleeping area . 	Three men are walking in front of a tent . 	244
A man is pumping air on the tires of his bicycle . 	A man is pumping air into his bicycle . 	245
The man was talking on the phone in the bathroom . 	A man is by the door looking at his phone . 	246
A man asleep in a fountain in the open air . 	A man is looking at an outdoor shower . 	247
A woman running down the street holding an accordion . 	A man in a business suit walks down the street . 	248
A little boy taking photos . 	A man and little boy are getting a picture taken . 	249
A woman giving a lecture on the property tax . 	A man is working at a cash register . 	250
