measure the depth of a body of water 	any large deep body of water . 	1
someone who plays a principal role 	an actor who plays a principal role . 	2
-LRB- cause to -RRB- come to rest on a surface 	reach or come to rest . 	3
the act of advocating or promoting something 	the act of choosing or selecting . 	4
alphanumeric sequence used for identification 	a numeral or string of numerals that is used for identification . 	5
a state of being elevated or raised 	the event of something being raised upward . 	6
the act of lifting something 	the act of climbing something . 	7
Bind or join -LRB- as if -RRB- with cement . 	shine intensely , as if with heat . 	8
-LRB- finally -RRB- do something or be somewhere 	cause something to pass or lead somewhere . 	9
a point , as the op part of a compass arrow 	a V-shaped mark at one end of an arrow pointer . 	10
the act of preserving or protecting something 	the act of decreasing or reducing something . 	11
coerce by violence , fill with terror 	coerce by violence or with threats . 	12
cause to move , cause to be moved 	cease to operate or cause to cease operating . 	13
the uppermost area of region of something 	the act of decreasing or reducing something . 	14
the foremost part of something 	have flavor ; taste of something . 	15
behave or move in a certain manner 	behave in a certain manner . 	16
a reproduction or physical representation of something 	a visual representation of something . 	17
a type of subdivision of a larger literary composition 	a specialized division of a large organization . 	18
the person who is assigned to a non-elective position 	a person who is appointed to a job or position . 	19
Advance ; contribute to the progress or growth of . 	contribute to the progress or growth of . 	20
a narrow channel or span of a sea or ocean 	a narrow channel of the sea joining two larger bodies of water . 	21
the act of preserving or protecting something 	the act of cracking something . 	22
Cut into , possibly creating something new . 	the act of cracking something . 	23
the act of choosing among alternatives 	the act of changing one thing for another thing . 	24
The act of testing something . 	the act of breaking something . 	25
the state of being in contact 	the state of being connected . 	26
giving a reference or citation of something 	change the nature , purpose , or function of something . 	27
Sell something to or obtain something from by underhanded activity . 	sell something to or obtain something from by energetic and especially underhanded activity . 	28
the act of determining or discovering the position of an object 	a surface forming part of the outside of an object . 	29
a feeling or state of contentment , relief 	a state of being relaxed and feeling no pain . 	30
Physically extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center ; physically spread from a start point . 	extend or spread outward from a center or focus or inward towards a center . 	31
place into the ground for growing 	place or put on the ground . 	32
an approximated amount of something 	a visual representation of something . 	33
stimulate sexually ; get sexual gratification through self-stimulation 	get sexual gratification through self-stimulation . 	34
the act of acknowledging the truth of something 	the act of projecting out from something . 	35
Express audibly ; utter sounds -LRB- not necessarily words -RRB- ; indicate . 	express audibly ; utter sounds -LRB- not necessarily words -RRB- . 	36
The state of being suspected . 	the state of being excluded . 	37
The act of providing approval and support . 	the act of having and controlling property . 	38
Relieve someone from work by taking a turn ; take turns working . 	relieve -LRB- someone -RRB- from work by taking a turn . 	39
a side or surface of something 	a brief experience of something . 	40
utter in a certain way 	appear in a certain way . 	41
the act of turning , rotating an object 	turning or twisting around -LRB- in place -RRB- . 	42
-LRB- Cause to -RRB- increase in extent or intensity . 	increase in extent or intensity . 	43
the legal state of owing money 	the verbal act of offering . 	44
make sense of , give meaning to 	make sense of ; assign a meaning to . 	45
The act of beginning something new . 	the act of hiring something or someone . 	46
printed version of electronic data from a computer 	-LRB- computer science -RRB- matter that is held in a computer and is typed or printed on paper . 	47
Limit in quantity or quality . 	limit in quality or quantity . 	48
search -LRB- as the bottom of a body of water -RRB- for something 	search -LRB- as the bottom of a body of water -RRB- for something valuable or lost . 	49
the act of surrendering or losing something of value 	the act of decreasing or reducing something . 	50
The physical act of following in an effort to overtake or capture . 	the act of pursuing in an effort to overtake or capture . 	51
Expel or eject -LRB- saliva , phlegm , sputum , or vomit -RRB- from the mouth . 	expel or eject -LRB- saliva or phlegm or sputum -RRB- from the mouth . 	52
the natural progression or development of something 	the act or means of getting rid of something . 	53
the act of lifting something 	the act of describing something . 	54
an explanation or alibi for something 	an opinion formed by judging something . 	55
recover , return to former state 	return to a former condition . 	56
Act without permission or with too much confidence . 	take liberties or act with too much confidence . 	57
the act of putting a preparation on something . 	the act of testing something . 	58
become the owner or posessor of something 	make a film or photograph of something . 	59
the act of moving , turning something 	the act of rejecting something . 	60
the act of confining , preventing or blocking something 	the act of testing something . 	61
the act of putting a preparation on something . 	the act of decreasing or reducing something . 	62
the act or means of getting rid of something . 	the physical position of something . 	63
the shape of a wave in a given period of time 	the popular taste at a given time . 	64
a distinctive style of clothing 	an intuitive understanding of something . 	65
cause to have an odor 	cause to become alive again . 	66
fall or cause to fall 	let or cause to fall in drops . 	67
the act of allowing , bestowing something 	the act of testing something . 	68
keep from being seen or perceived by others 	hold back ; keep from being perceived by others . 	69
a document authorizing another to vote on one 's behalf 	a power of attorney document given by shareholders of a corporation authorizing a specific vote on their behalf at a corporate meeting . 	70
the act of lifting something 	the act of retaining something . 	71
the act of combining , blending , integrating 	the act of chipping something . 	72
smell by inhaling through the nose 	perceive by inhaling through the nose . 	73
the conclusion of a communication 	the intended meaning of a communication . 	74
-LRB- cause to -RRB- adopt a different system , value , or viewpoint 	cause to adopt a new or different faith . 	75
-LRB- cause to -RRB- become less intense or strict 	cause to become violent or angry . 	76
the act of choosing or selecting 	the act of losing someone or something . 	77
narrative or account , intended as factual reporting 	a short account of the news . 	78
Engrave by means of dots . 	engrave by means of dots and flicks . 	79
the act of shoving something away 	the act of raising something . 	80
decide the amount to be paid on an insurance claim 	decide how much is to be paid on an insurance claim . 	81
make noise like bad engine 	make a noise typical of an engine lacking lubricants . 	82
be in direct physical contact with 	be in direct physical contact with ; make contact . 	83
the quality of being dependable 	the quality of being of practical use . 	84
Arrange a programme for an individual , group , or entity . 	arrange a program of or for . 	85
express a certain idea when rendering a play or music 	give an interpretation or rendition of . 	86
the quality of being dependable 	the act of dwelling in a place . 	87
a store or supply of something 	a store or supply of something -LRB- especially of food or clothing or arms -RRB- . 	88
suggest or prescribe a solution 	suggest the necessity of an intervention ; in medicine . 	89
person who manages money in board games 	a person who is in charge . 	90
the act of rubbing a surface 	the act of dragging -LRB- pulling with force -RRB- . 	91
The act of dividing or disconnecting . 	the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting . 	92
the act of validating the authenticity of something 	the act of concealing the identity of something by modifying its appearance . 	93
the act of putting a preparation on something . 	the act of forcing out someone or something . 	94
the act of preserving or protecting something 	the act of winding or twisting . 	95
Oppose or approach , as in hostility or competition 	oppose , as in hostility or a competition . 	96
Travel -LRB- as if -RRB- through water . 	move as if through a sieve . 	97
administer or bestow , as portions 	administer or bestow , as in small portions . 	98
Form a spiral or move in a spiral course . 	to wind or move in a spiral course . 	99
Induce into action by using one 's charm ; provoke to do something . 	induce into action by using one 's charm . 	100
connected underground tunnels used by rabbits 	a series of connected underground tunnels occupied by rabbits . 	101
hold or embrace in a tight grip 	hold in a tight grasp . 	102
the shape of a wave in a given period of time 	the shape of a wave illustrated graphically by plotting the values of the period quantity against time . 	103
the foremost part of something 	the lower part of anything . 	104
The act of controlling by restraining someone or something . 	the act of liberating someone or something . 	105
the act of planning or deliberating 	the action of putting something into operation . 	106
be located at or on top of something 	cause -LRB- someone -RRB- to undergo something . 	107
the scent or odor of something 	the act of decreasing or reducing something . 	108
-LRB- Cause to -RRB- make a dry crackling sound , possibly by mixing . 	make a dry crackling sound . 	109
fill , attach , fix with , or as if with gum 	cover , fill , fix or smear with or as if with gum . 	110
The act of talking about the features of something . 	the act of sharing in the activities of a group . 	111
the act of providing help or aid to someone 	the act of applying paint to a surface . 	112
a natural growth of plants , usually trees 	a growth of similar plants -LRB- usually trees -RRB- in a particular area . 	113
the act of planning or deliberating 	the act of cracking something . 	114
the physical expanse of the universe 	the physical position of something . 	115
a boundary area or edge of something 	a boundary marking the extremities of something . 	116
reach a destination or goal 	reach a destination ; arrive by movement or progress . 	117
the act of preserving or protecting something 	the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting . 	118
to argue or plead in favor of 	argue or speak in defense of . 	119
support , sustain , bear , or be responsible for 	cause to happen or be responsible for . 	120
take or capture by force or authority 	to put down by force or authority . 	121
-LRB- cause to -RRB- lengthen or stretch out in space 	cause to march or go at a marching pace . 	122
the act of rending , tearing , ripping 	the act of reducing the amount or number . 	123
Equip with armed and armored motor vehicles -LRB- as of an army -RRB- . 	equip with armed and armored motor vehicles . 	124
-LRB- the content of -RRB- a communication . 	the last section of a communication . 	125
The act of changing course or twisting oneself . 	the act of indicating or pointing out by name . 	126
the act of pressing together firmly 	the act of disturbing the mind or body . 	127
The state or condition of feeling or being rushed . 	the condition of being motivated . 	128
move to a lower position , terminate something 	lower the pitch of -LRB- musical notes -RRB- . 	129
the act of pulling a load 	the act of making a proposal . 	130
-LRB- cause to -RRB- appear suddenly or briefly 	break open or apart suddenly and forcefully . 	131
The human act of making something new . 	the speech act of making something evident . 	132
make or become more acute or intense 	make ready for action or use . 	133
the activity of breaking or splintering something 	the act of breaking something . 	134
the extreme endpoint of something 	get the meaning of something . 	135
Perform an action with an intent to deceive . 	make a copy of with the intent to deceive . 	136
any cause or source of great suffering 	any affliction that causes great suffering . 	137
the act of moving , turning something 	the act of drawing or hauling something . 	138
To remain emotionally or intellectually attached without necessary physical contact . 	to remain emotionally or intellectually attached . 	139
The state of being pleased with life . 	the state of being rejected . 	140
the height of the sea 's surface 	the solid part of the earth 's surface . 	141
The act of testing something . 	the act of starting something . 	142
cover with a primer base 	cover with a primer ; apply a primer to . 	143
discover a logical or causal connection ; associate 	make a logical or causal connection . 	144
Rewrite in a different script . 	extend in a different direction . 	145
the act of reasoning , cogitation 	the act of beginning something new . 	146
the act of giving a speech 	the act of giving a false appearance . 	147
be located at or on top of something 	observe or plot the moving path of something . 	148
the act of turning , rotating an object 	the act of breaking something . 	149
the scent or odor of something 	have a disagreement over something . 	150
Give an incentive or reason for action . 	give an incentive for action . 	151
the context or setting in which something takes place 	the act of cutting something into parts . 	152
tolerate ; aceept or take on as a responsibility . 	give surety or assume responsibility . 	153
move from one location to another 	move from one place to another . 	154
The act of testing something . 	the act of dropping something . 	155
Give a performative affectation to -LRB- something -RRB- . 	give a performance -LRB- of something -RRB- . 	156
a participant who is a beginner in some activity 	any new participant in some activity . 	157
Turn the paddle or oar . 	turn the paddle ; in canoeing . 	158
the activity of examining or assessing something 	the act of drawing or hauling something . 	159
the conclusion of a communication 	the last section of a communication . 	160
An object impairs the respiration of someone or something . 	the relation of comprising something . 	161
be a reason , cause , or justification of 	serve as a reason or cause or justification of . 	162
retreat or move from a position , relocate 	remove from a position or office . 	163
The human act of making something new . 	the act of starting something for the first time ; introducing something new . 	164
an instance of halting some motion 	the act of starting something . 	165
-LRB- cause to -RRB- gradually become weak 	cause to become widely known . 	166
a deficiency , state of disappointment , non-achievement 	an event that does not accomplish its intended purpose . 	167
The act of giving up a claim , office , or possession . 	the act of giving up -LRB- a claim or office or possession etc. -RRB- . 	168
the uppermost area of region of something 	exclusive control or possession of something . 	169
take something or someone away from somewhere 	take something or somebody with oneself somewhere . 	170
energy in the form of molecular motion 	money in the form of bills or coins . 	171
a state of exposure to harm 	a state of extreme poverty . 	172
the act of putting a preparation on something . 	the act of attaching or affixing something . 	173
The act of testing something . 	the act of rejecting something . 	174
have a strong desire to do something 	have a wish or desire to know something . 	175
take in -LRB- mentally or physically -RRB- 	take -LRB- gas , light or heat -RRB- into a solution . 	176
the act of intentionally omitting something 	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something . 	177
pronounce with a nasal twang 	pronounce with an initial sibilant . 	178
an upward slope or incline 	an upward slope or grade -LRB- as in a road -RRB- . 	179
an allotment or percentage of something 	a relatively long narrow piece of something . 	180
Shrivel , wither , or mature imperfectly , as of a flower . 	shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly . 	181
Identify , establish location or identity 	recognize as being ; establish the identity of someone or something . 	182
the act of shoving something away 	the act of starting something . 	183
an explanation or alibi for something 	an obligation to pay or do something . 	184
incline from a vertical position 	to incline or bend from a vertical position . 	185
Preserve in a tin or jar . 	preserve in a can or tin . 	186
behave or move in a certain manner 	dress in a certain manner . 	187
The act of testing something . 	the act of raising something . 	188
give a deceptive explanation for ; cover up 	give a deceptive explanation or excuse for . 	189
The principal activity that one does to earn money . 	the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money . 	190
The act of dividing or disconnecting . 	the act of drawing or hauling something . 	191
the act of planning or deliberating 	the act of becoming more distant . 	192
The act of testing something . 	the act of retaining something . 	193
12th month of the calendar year 	the last -LRB- 12th -RRB- month of the year . 	194
the activity of examining or assessing something 	the activity of protecting someone or something . 	195
the act of turning , rotating an object 	the act of troubling or annoying someone . 	196
a company that provides public service commodities 	a company that performs a public service ; subject to government regulation . 	197
get involved with or mixed up 	get involved or mixed-up with . 	198
gradual decrease in the strength of a signal 	a gradual decline -LRB- in size or strength or power or number -RRB- . 	199
a fast rate or occurrence of something 	a brief experience of something . 	200
the act of lifting something 	the act of chipping something . 	201
-LRB- cause to -RRB- become even or level 	make even or more even . 	202
Declare invalid ; take away the legal force of or render ineffective . 	take away the legal force of or render ineffective . 	203
Give an incentive or reason for action . 	give an interpretation or rendition of . 	204
hit or return before it touches the ground 	hit before it touches the ground . 	205
the act or means of getting rid of something . 	the state of being unsure of something . 	206
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault 	the action of putting something into operation . 	207
Fix or set a physical object securely or depeply 	fix or set securely or deeply . 	208
A storyline ; the plan , scheme , or main story of a literary or dramatic work , true or fictional . 	the story that is told in a novel or play or movie etc. . . 	209
the activity of breaking or splintering something 	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something . 	210
a retail store with merchandise for sale 	a mercantile establishment for the retail sale of goods or services . 	211
twist a body part suddenly so as to sprain 	twist suddenly so as to sprain . 	212
resist immunologically foreign tissue or organ 	resist immunologically the introduction of some foreign tissue or organ . 	213
be a factor or play a role in something 	the act of stopping something . 	214
the trading price between sellers and buyers in a an open marketplace 	the price at which buyers and sellers trade the item in an open marketplace . 	215
request or demand something from someone 	the act of damaging something or someone . 	216
the act of confining , preventing or blocking something 	the act of forming or establishing something . 	217
Ride on someone 's shoulders or back ; support on the back or shoulders . 	support on the back and shoulders . 	218
oppose with equal weight or force 	contrast with equal weight or force . 	219
the quality of acting with vigor and vitality 	the quality of not being useful or convenient . 	220
the quality of being important , worthy of attention 	the quality of being important and worthy of note . 	221
attachment , restraint or shackle between physical entities 	a restraint that confines or restricts freedom -LRB- especially something used to tie down or restrain a prisoner -RRB- . 	222
the reduction of the extent of something , e.g , its size , importance or quantity 	change toward something smaller or lower . 	223
a visual characterization of something 	a chance to do something . 	224
put in a particular place or abstract location 	cause to be in an appropriate place , state , or relation . 	225
the action of extending outwards 	the trait of wasting resources . 	226
the consequence or aftermath of something 	have flavor ; taste of something . 	227
-LRB- Cause to -RRB- increase in anxiety . 	cause to run in panic . 	228
the activity of examining or assessing something 	the act of decreasing or reducing something . 	229
the act of preserving or protecting something 	the act of forming or establishing something . 	230
turn on an axis ; spin 	cause to turn on an axis or center . 	231
PLAY OFF-set into opposition or rivalry 	set into opposition or rivalry . 	232
the processing or operation of something 	the physical position of something . 	233
the act of pulling a load 	the act of hearing attentively . 	234
the act of explaining or defending something 	the act of designating or identifying something . 	235
come upon , attack or catch someone or something unaware 	the act of liberating someone or something . 	236
the act of turning , rotating an object 	the act of dropping something . 	237
social or economic downfall of someone or a group 	failure that results in a loss of position or reputation . 	238
the primary component of a communication 	the last section of a communication . 	239
the process of becoming less or smaller 	process or result of becoming less or smaller . 	240
the concluding section of a communication 	the last section of a communication . 	241
Reduce to small pieces by pounding or grinding . 	reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading . 	242
the act or capability of seeing 	the range of interest or activity that can be anticipated . 	243
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault 	the act of damaging something or someone . 	244
give a specific interpretation to 	twist and turn so as to give an intended interpretation . 	245
The state of being suspected . 	the state of being rejected . 	246
The process of cultivating the land , possibly as a way of life . 	agriculture considered as an occupation or way of life . 	247
a military aircraft that drops ordinance 	a military aircraft that drops bombs during flight . 	248
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault 	the act of liberating someone or something . 	249
accept , acclimate or adapt to a context , situation 	adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions . 	250
the temperature at which a liquid boils , bubbles 	the temperature at which a liquid boils at sea level . 	251
The human act of making something new . 	the act of cracking something . 	252
Beat or hit -LRB- as if -RRB- with a whip . 	maintain with or as if with a bet . 	253
the act of lifting something 	the act of stopping something . 	254
rein in a horse to lose a race 	rein in to keep from winning a race . 	255
-LRB- cause to -RRB- come to rest on a surface 	cause to come out in a squirt . 	256
provide or supply with water 	cover or swamp with water . 	257
Amount that can be contained 	the amount that can be contained . 	258
contain or have a specific wording or information 	have or contain a certain wording or form . 	259
a channel of social communication 	a channel for communication between groups . 	260
Cause to be or last longer , extend in duration or space . 	lengthen or extend in duration or space . 	261
a rank or position relative to others 	take or have a position relative to others . 	262
the uppermost area of region of something 	the act of dropping something . 	263
the apparent condition or state of something 	the act of losing someone or something . 	264
burn slightly to affect color 	burn slightly and superficially so as to affect color . 	265
a general trait or characteristic of something 	give certain properties to something . 	266
position in football played by a team member 	-LRB- American football -RRB- a position on the line of scrimmage . 	267
The act of arranging elements together . 	the act of fastening things together . 	268
cause a sharp or stinging pain to 	cause a sharp or stinging pain or discomfort . 	269
the act of choosing or selecting 	the act of dropping something . 	270
incite action , cause an event 	serve as the inciting cause of . 	271
come up , as of liquid or gas 	come up , as of a liquid . 	272
-LRB- Cause to -RRB- become less tense ; rest or take one 's ease . 	become less tense , rest , or take one 's ease . 	273
adapt to a specified measurement or proportion 	adapt to a specified measurement . 	274
anatomical shape of the body of a being , physique 	alternative names for the body of a human being . 	275
cause romantic action ; lure away from proper conduct 	lure or entice away from duty , principles , or proper conduct . 	276
make up something fictional or untrue 	make up something artificial or untrue . 	277
remove to or from a place or situation 	break from a meeting or gathering . 	278
the act of lifting something 	the act of ending something . 	279
a happening or incident of human significance 	a special set of circumstances . 	280
protect with or as if with a shield 	protect , hide , or conceal from danger or harm . 	281
basic monetary unit of Kyrgyzstan 	the basic unit of money in Kyrgyzstan . 	282
the act of lifting something 	the act of cracking something . 	283
-LRB- cause to -RRB- move gently back and forth 	cause to move back and forth . 	284
the state of being in contact 	the state of being active . 	285
The act of testing something . 	the act of decreasing or reducing something . 	286
the act of explaining or defending something 	the act of expelling or projecting or ejecting . 	287
Understand the meaning of something . 	get the meaning of something . 	288
take a risk or guess in hope of a favorable outcome 	take a risk in the hope of a favorable outcome . 	289
the act of annoying someone or something 	the act of applying force to propel something . 	290
change -LRB- dramatically -RRB- between high and low values 	alternate dramatically between high and low values . 	291
the activity of examining or assessing something 	the act of designating or identifying something . 	292
-LRB- cause to -RRB- be anxious or preoccupied 	cause to be balanced or suspended . 	293
design for a specific purpose 	plan something for a specific role or purpose or effect . 	294
to combat or oppose someone or something 	the act of forcing out someone or something . 	295
-LRB- Cause to -RRB- form a cluster in either abstract or physical space . 	cause to have , in the abstract sense or physical sense . 	296
a mental grasp or understanding of something 	understanding of the nature or meaning or quality or magnitude of something . 	297
do something considered below one 's diginty 	do something that one considers to be below one 's dignity . 	298
-LRB- game -RRB- a division during which one is allowed to play -LRB- perhaps as offense -RRB- . 	-LRB- sports -RRB- a division during which one team is on the offensive . 	299
the act of cutting off length , snipping off 	the act of clipping or snipping . 	300
a sovereign regime and its assemblage 	the sovereign and his advisers who are the governing power of a state . 	301
the act of annoying someone or something 	the act of raising something . 	302
the extreme endpoint of something 	the act or means of getting rid of something . 	303
be or have a quality of being 	the quality of being significant . 	304
Improve by pruning or polishing 	improve or perfect by pruning or polishing . 	305
the act of preserving or protecting something 	the act of applying force to propel something . 	306
register formally as a participant 	register formally as a participant or member . 	307
a lever that activates a firing mechanism , especially with a firearm 	lever that activates the firing mechanism of a gun . 	308
The act of beginning something new . 	the act of ending something . 	309
the act of annoying someone or something 	the act of liberating someone or something . 	310
Cut into , possibly creating something new . 	a reason for wanting something done . 	311
a casual game of throwing a ball back and forth 	a cooperative game in which a ball is passed back and forth . 	312
come up , as of liquid or gas 	take up , as of debts or payments . 	313
cause to be immersed in 	cause to be hanging or suspended . 	314
the act of substituting one thing for another 	the act of changing one thing for another thing . 	315
The act of testing something . 	a way or means to achieve something . 	316
the act of validating the authenticity of something 	the act of liberating someone or something . 	317
amount of time that something is postponed 	time during which some action is awaited . 	318
reverse a direction , attitude or course of action , perhaps perceptually . 	reverse -LRB- a direction , attitude , or course of action -RRB- . 	319
An established or recognized right , formal or informal . 	an established or recognized right . 	320
the act of intentionally omitting something 	the act of forming or establishing something . 	321
the occupants who dwell on a level of a building 	the occupants of a floor . 	322
a method for solving a problem 	the successful action of solving a problem . 	323
cause to move with a flick or as if with a flick 	cover with flakes or as if with flakes . 	324
an observer of a process or activity 	a member of a police force . 	325
an address used for postal communication 	the address where a person or organization can be communicated with . 	326
Spur on , urge , or deride by cheers and shouts . 	spur on or encourage especially by cheers and shouts . 	327
spare in quality or quantity 	limit in quality or quantity . 	328
the act of shoving something away 	the act of hiring something or someone . 	329
the apparent condition or state of something 	the event consisting of the start of something . 	330
engrave , shape or cut by chipping away at the surface 	engrave or cut by chipping away at a surface . 	331
something considered trite but amusing 	something recalled to the mind . 	332
the act of lifting something 	the act of constructing something . 	333
concrete enactment of an idea or concept 	a concrete representation of an otherwise nebulous concept . 	334
raise or haul up as if with a mechanism 	affect with or as if with a cramp . 	335
-LRB- Cause to -RRB- change from a solid to a liquid . 	become liquid or fluid when heated . 	336
-LRB- The act of making -RRB- a measurement of something . 	the act of making up your mind about something . 	337
a duplicate of something , serving as a backup 	something additional of the same kind . 	338
-LRB- The act of making -RRB- a measurement of something . 	the act of removing or getting rid of something . 	339
react , or respond to a call , command , or stimulus 	react to a stimulus or command . 	340
club or association of people with a shared interest 	a formal association of people with similar interests . 	341
free from obligations , service or confinement 	free from obligations or duties . 	342
the degree or amount of something 	the act of dropping something . 	343
the act of arriving at a certain place 	the act of putting something in a certain place . 	344
medium of exchange minted by a government 	the official currency issued by a government or national bank . 	345
advance or set forward in court 	advance or set forth in court . 	346
make a written note of something 	make a written note of . 	347
the act of explaining or defending something 	the allotment of some amount by dividing something . 	348
a citizen of ancient Troy 	a native of ancient Troy . 	349
The act of testing something . 	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something . 	350
the act of turning , rotating an object 	the act of terminating a life . 	351
The act of moving in a hurried manner . 	the act of moving hurriedly and in a careless manner . 	352
the act of clipping , cutting 	the act of describing something . 	353
Physically raise from a lower position . 	raise from a lower to a higher position . 	354
the act of turning , rotating an object 	the act of retaining something . 	355
an increase in size as measured per unit of time 	the rate of increase in size per unit time . 	356
advance warning or notification of something 	the first part or section of something . 	357
the act of advocating or promoting something 	the act of constructing something . 	358
Supply with water for crops , as with channels , ditches , or streams . 	supply with water , as with channels or ditches or streams . 	359
smother , surpress or lessen something 	the act of testing something . 	360
cause to be immersed in 	cause to be interested or curious . 	361
The human act of making something new . 	the act of making or enacting laws . 	362
The intended meaning of an instance of communication . 	the intended meaning of a communication . 	363
be given to , come into the possession of 	come into the possession of . 	364
utter in a certain way 	react to in a certain way . 	365
have or be covered with bristles 	the state of being covered with unclean things . 	366
the act of planning or deliberating 	the act of choosing or selecting . 	367
be located at or on top of something 	make a film or photograph of something . 	368
be in or establish communication with 	move or establish in a new location . 	369
Adapt oneself to new or different conditions . 	adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions . 	370
be located at or on top of something 	an obligation to pay or do something . 	371
a collection of something , often a large amount 	a collection of things sharing a common attribute . 	372
whip with or as if with a whisk 	urge with or as if with a goad . 	373
dysfunction or ailment of the heart 	a disease of the heart . 	374
decorate a manuscript with red 	decorate -LRB- manuscripts -RRB- with letters painted red . 	375
the act of devoting time and energy to something 	the act of liberating someone or something . 	376
verify something by comparing to a standard 	check or regulate -LRB- a scientific experiment -RRB- by conducting a parallel experiment or comparing with another standard . 	377
Part , cease , or break association with -LRB- something -RRB- . 	part ; cease or break association with . 	378
put heels on a shoe 	put a new heel on . 	379
the act of preserving or protecting something 	the act of raising something . 	380
make images or sounds less sharp 	make -LRB- images or sounds -RRB- sharp or sharper . 	381
Expel or eject saliva , sputum , or an object from the mouth . 	expel or eject -LRB- saliva or phlegm or sputum -RRB- from the mouth . 	382
measure the depth of a body of water 	measure the depth of -LRB- a body of water -RRB- with a sounding line . 	383
give a detailed account of 	narrate or give a detailed account of . 	384
a recurrent artistic theme or pattern 	a theme that is repeated or elaborated in a piece of music . 	385
the act of choosing or selecting 	the act of looking or seeing or observing . 	386
have a strong desire to do something 	have a strong desire or urge to do something . 	387
The activity of looking thoroughly in order to find something or someone . 	the act of removing or getting rid of something . 	388
person who is a social companion 	a friend who is frequently in the company of another . 	389
hold or place in equilibrium 	hold or carry in equilibrium . 	390
the act of accusing someone or something for being at fault 	the management of someone or something . 	391
work as a tinker -LRB- fix pots and pans -RRB- 	work as a tinker or tinkerer . 	392
the act of allowing , bestowing something 	the act of forming or establishing something . 	393
the termination , ending of a meeting 	the termination of a meeting . 	394
scratch or scrape with claws or nails 	attack as if with claws . 	395
a social occasion , often official or formal 	a formal or official social gathering or ceremony . 	396
infer or believe to be the case 	believe to be the case . 	397
move in such a way as to avoid 	make a sudden movement in a new direction so as to avoid . 	398
The state of being absent . 	the act of climbing something . 	399
remove by pinching or snipping 	sever or remove by pinching or snipping . 	400
-LRB- Cause to -RRB- become a powder or as dust . 	cause to become widely known . 	401
prepare , arrange ; create or organize for a particular purpose 	any area set aside for a particular purpose . 	402
the act of people having sex 	the act of climbing something . 	403
to lecture formally to an audience 	accuse formally of a crime . 	404
the act of creating an artistic work 	the act of creating written works . 	405
the state of being in contact 	the state of being excluded . 	406
collect discarded , refused or damaged material 	collect discarded or refused material . 	407
an enterprise or company that publishes newsprint 	a business firm that publishes newspapers . 	408
the act of providing incentive to someone 	the act of motivating ; providing incentive . 	409
the activity of examining or assessing something 	the act of examining resemblances . 	410
Make marks in the surface of . 	make small marks into the surface of . 	411
Make a copy with the intent to deceive . 	take up with the tongue . 	412
the act of choosing or selecting 	the act of clipping or snipping . 	413
spare in quality or quantity 	be equal to in quality or ability . 	414
return to in thought or speech 	return in thought or speech to something . 	415
The act of testing something . 	the act of climbing something . 	416
manner of handling , managing someone or something 	the management of someone or something . 	417
the act of selecting or picking something 	the act of decreasing or reducing something . 	418
LAY OFF -- put an end to a state or activity 	put an end to a state or an activity . 	419
move the body backwards and down into a comfortable resting position 	move or arrange oneself in a comfortable and cozy position . 	420
Shine intensely ; emit a steady , even light from a source . 	emit a steady even light without flames . 	421
The act of purchasing back something previously sold . 	the act of starting something . 	422
reach or cause to reach the highest point , best something 	an act -LRB- or failure to act -RRB- that disappoints someone . 	423
a type of military aircraft 	a unit of military aircraft . 	424
the act of putting a preparation on something . 	the state of taking in or encircling . 	425
a person who plants or detonates explosives 	a person who plants bombs . 	426
make fit for a specific purpose 	suit to a special purpose . 	427
strike with horror , surprise , disgust 	strike with horror or terror . 	428
have the same value , be or become equivalent to something else 	establish something as being earlier relative to something else . 	429
A state of confusion or disorder . 	throw into great confusion or disorder . 	430
a public enclosure for animals , as dogs 	a public enclosure for stray or unlicensed dogs . 	431
a system by which one currency is exchanged for another , enabling international transactions 	the system by which one currency is exchanged for another ; enables international transactions to take place . 	432
the natural progression or development of something 	the natural process of laying down a deposit of something . 	433
the act of pulling an object 	the act of choosing or selecting . 	434
A perceptual distinction based on color or shading . 	the perceptual effect of the juxtaposition of very different colors . 	435
The act of purchasing back something previously sold . 	the act of retaining something . 	436
Cook in cream or using cream . 	add cream to one 's coffee , for example . 	437
a negative or undesirable aspect of something 	consider as part of something . 	438
gear or develop something to a particular purpose 	suit to a special purpose . 	439
identify or pick out someone or something 	the act of losing someone or something . 	440
a state of being encircled 	the state of being depleted . 	441
read or conform to the metrical pattern of 	conform to a metrical pattern . 	442
a major branch of a tree 	a small thin branch of a tree . 	443
the act of lifting something 	the act of starting something . 	444
-LRB- Cause to -RRB- become a fluid , as when heated . 	make -LRB- a solid substance -RRB- liquid , as by heating . 	445
form schemes in an underhand manner 	form intrigues -LRB- for -RRB- in an underhand manner . 	446
identify or pick out someone or something 	the act of forcing out someone or something . 	447
the act of applying torture to the foot and leg 	a form of foot torture in which the feet are encased in iron and slowly crushed . 	448
Move as if unable to control one 's manner or direction of movement . 	walk as if unable to control one 's movements . 	449
arrangement for managing assets on behalf of a beneficiary 	something -LRB- as property -RRB- held by one party -LRB- the trustee -RRB- for the benefit of another -LRB- the beneficiary -RRB- . 	450
make fit for a specific purpose 	provide with -LRB- something -RRB- usually for a specific purpose . 	451
the act of lifting something 	the act of winding or twisting . 	452
cause to move , cause to be moved 	cause to lean to the side . 	453
an indication of something , evidence 	an indication of some hidden activity . 	454
The state of being absent . 	the state of being suspected . 	455
-LRB- cause to -RRB- break up or cease to function 	stop functioning or cohering as a unit . 	456
the selection of a lottery winner 	the last section of a communication . 	457
being in a protected state or condition 	be in some specified state or condition . 	458
the act of escaping , fleeing 	the act of escaping physically . 	459
build , make by combining materials or parts 	make by combining materials and parts . 	460
Create a coating for something . 	give a performance -LRB- of something -RRB- . 	461
Create a coating for something . 	the act of projecting out from something . 	462
restrict or limit the range of 	limit the range or extent of . 	463
the act of annoying someone or something 	the act of dropping something . 	464
the act of acknowledging the truth of something 	the act of perceiving the odor of something . 	465
the act of providing incentive to someone 	the act of hiring something or someone . 	466
an argument that gives grounds or justification for a position 	the justification for some act or belief . 	467
presentation of a musical theme 	-LRB- music -RRB- the presentation of a musical theme . 	468
cause or permit to fall to the ground 	let or cause to fall in drops . 	469
move or sway in a sinuous fashion 	to move or cause to move in a sinuous , spiral , or circular course . 	470
sell or transport an item or idea abroad 	cause to spread in another part of the world . 	471
the act of taking an offer 	the act of making a proposal . 	472
a group of people appointed to a committee 	a committee appointed to judge a competition . 	473
intuitions , a hunch or feeling 	maintain -LRB- a theory , thoughts , or feelings -RRB- . 	474
situate , position , come to rest 	settle into a position , usually on a surface or ground . 	475
Sever or remove by pinching or snipping ; tend by cutting . 	sever or remove by pinching or snipping . 	476
the act of lifting something 	the act of damaging something or someone . 	477
Place limits on ; form the boundary of or be contiguous to . 	form the boundary of ; be contiguous to . 	478
the value of a currency 's conversion to another currency 	the charge for exchanging currency of one country for currency of another . 	479
the graduated arc of an instrument used to measure angles 	the graduated arc that is attached to an instrument for measuring angles . 	480
the act of lifting something 	the act of testing something . 	481
the act of escaping , fleeing 	the act of retaining something . 	482
people who are impoverished , without basic possessions 	two people who are married to each other . 	483
the act of putting a preparation on something . 	give certain properties to something . 	484
the act of explaining or defending something 	the activity of supplying or providing something . 	485
the act of lifting something 	the act of raising something . 	486
confine in or as if in a prison 	enclose in or as if in a frame . 	487
Make a copy with the intent to deceive . 	make believe with the intent to deceive . 	488
the act of sorting things into categories 	the act of distributing things into classes or categories of the same type . 	489
Fly in or on a glider plane 	fly in or as if in a glider plane . 	490
the act of choosing or selecting 	the act of testing something . 	491
open to members of all races and ethnic groups 	open -LRB- a place -RRB- to members of all races and ethnic groups . 	492
Go after with the intent to follow or catch . 	go after with the intent to catch . 	493
the center region of an object 	the center of an object . 	494
an approximated amount of something 	an appraisal of the value of something . 	495
cover completely ; form a cover over ; expand over . 	form a carpet-like cover -LRB- over -RRB- . 	496
room where work or repairs are done 	room where work is done . 	497
the act of shoving something away 	the act of testing something . 	498
take possession of by legal authority -LRB- for security -RRB- . 	take temporary possession of as a security , by legal authority . 	499
hand over or put in 	refer for judgment or consideration . 	500
cause to turn from one course or use to another 	send from one person or place to another . 	501
the act of pulling a load 	the act of dwelling in a place . 	502
the act of annoying someone or something 	the act of projecting out from something . 	503
The act of talking about the features of something . 	the act of projecting out from something . 	504
the act of lifting something 	the act of dropping something . 	506
the identification or the realization of something 	the end or completion of something . 	507
the act of concealing or disguising 	the act of projecting out from something . 	508
A document granting a right or privilege , as to an inventor . 	a document granting an inventor sole rights to an invention . 	509
the central area of an object 	the center of an object . 	510
the act of lifting something 	the act of colliding with something . 	511
the act of lifting something 	the act of decreasing or reducing something . 	512
the act of putting a preparation on something . 	the act of stopping something . 	513
the act of advocating or promoting something 	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something . 	514
Have a distinctive or characteristic taste , perceptible by an experiencer . 	have a distinctive or characteristic taste . 	515
Be a sign or indication of ; have as a meaning . 	be a sign or indication of . 	516
the general impression or appearance of something 	the general outward appearance of something . 	517
know , realize , and comprehend the meaning 	know and comprehend the nature or meaning of . 	518
Make or create something for a specific function . 	make something , usually for a specific function . 	519
get rid of as if with water -LRB- metaphorical -RRB- 	get rid of as if by submerging . 	520
the act of acknowledging the truth of something 	the act of choosing or selecting . 	521
change or conform to fit new or different conditions 	adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions . 	522
the act of providing incentive to someone 	the act of troubling or annoying someone . 	523
a watch with a hinged lid to protect the face 	a watch with a hinged metal lid to protect the crystal . 	524
support , sustain , bear , or be responsible for 	organize or be responsible for . 	525
strive against another or others to attain a goal 	compete for something ; engage in a contest ; measure oneself against others . 	526
The act of testing something . 	the act of cracking something . 	527
Gather or remove -LRB- from a location -RRB- for use . 	remove from a position or office . 	528
the act of directing attention , resources to something 	the act of colliding with something . 	529
Ride on someone 's shoulders or back ; support on the back or shoulders . 	ride on someone 's shoulders or back . 	530
the act of combining , blending , integrating 	the act of mixing together . 	531
a solid 3D object with rectangular sides 	a solid piece of something -LRB- usually having flat rectangular sides -RRB- . 	532
the translation of an opus from one language to another 	the act of moving from one place to another . 	533
the act of annoying someone or something 	the act of admitting someone to enter . 	534
Write differently or alter a piece or writing , perhaps to suit a different purpose . 	rewrite so as to make fit to suit a new or different purpose . 	535
a celebrity or entertainer who attracts a large audience 	an entertainer who attracts large audiences . 	536
Dispose of something as useless and old ; physically tear apart . 	dispose of -LRB- something useless or old -RRB- . 	537
The state of being absent . 	the state of being excommunicated . 	538
rise to surface ; become visible or known 	appear or become visible ; make a showing . 	539
overcome with astonishment or disbelief 	correct by punishment or discipline . 	540
lessen in force or effect , restrain , weaken 	lessen in force or effect . 	541
the act of intentionally omitting something 	the act of climbing something . 	542
the act of advocating or promoting something 	the act of affirming or asserting or stating something . 	543
a list of items to be consulted and marked off 	a list of items -LRB- names or tasks etc. -RRB- to be checked or consulted . 	544
The act of testing something . 	the act of stopping something . 	545
the act of damaging something , causing breakage 	the act of damaging something or someone . 	546
put in a particular place or abstract location 	put into a certain place or abstract location . 	547
the act of perceiving a scent 	the act of perceiving the odor of something . 	548
the act of providing assistance , giving aid 	the act of administering medication . 	549
lessen in force , impact , or effect 	lessen in force or effect . 	550
cover with wooden boards ; secure 	get on board of -LRB- trains , buses , ships , aircraft , etc. -RRB- . 	551
the act of explaining or defending something 	the act of removing or getting rid of something . 	552
a lid or top of a container 	covering for a hole -LRB- especially a hole in the top of a container -RRB- . 	553
-LRB- cause to -RRB- separate or move in different directions 	to cause to separate and go in different directions . 	554
cause to vibrate in a different pattern 	cause to vibrate in a definite pattern . 	555
The act of dividing or disconnecting . 	the act of adding one thing to another . 	556
provide a seat or base for 	provide a feast or banquet for . 	558
the act of explaining or defending something 	the act of rending or ripping or splitting something . 	559
an observer of a process or activity 	a meeting devoted to a particular activity . 	560
make keen ; give -LRB- new -RRB- life or energy to 	give new life or energy to . 	561
