you will need to check the particular policy of each publisher to see what be allow and what be not allow . 	if you need to publish the book and you have find one publisher that allow it . 	1
I be not aware of any university run participant pool . 	at the university I have work in North America , human-subject study -lrb- esp . 	2
apart from admission -lrb- which normally should not be relate to age -rrb- , there be something that be related to you question . 	Age be not a phd admission facor in the continental Europe , too . 	3
this post refer to research in the stem field , and may not be applicable to other research topic . 	this be about my experience in computer engineering I find that read for breadth be the more important approach . 	4
if you do not want to pay for Adobe Acrobat pro , as @schultem mention , latex can do this with embedded hyperlink . 	if you do not mind host you file online , SlideShare be a good solution . 	5
I do not think there be likely to be any standard that address this issue specifically . 	you be go to find answer all over the map for this one -lrb- i.e. , there probably be not `` standard '' -rrb- . 	6
my answer would be depend on which gre be you refer to ? 	the problem I see with the GREs be that the score range be highly compress . 	7
if you have access to it , you can very easily do that with Thomson Reuters ' web of Science portal . 	in general there be a number of different distinct workflow that lead to a poster . 	for completeness , Apple 's Pages have quite a few nice poster layout . 	9
it be perfectly okay to ask for the figure know well that the other person may not give . 	you can always ask , then it be the choice of the author to accept or not . 	10
the academic year do start around September in the USA and I think most european country . 	I would not accelerate thing , to avoid get worse grade that you want . 	11
I will advise exactly the contrary of what bravo just say in another answer : go for a ! 	you could defer admission , but it be a little unusual to defer for a year . 	12
Edit , again : the question seem to have change , yet again . 	I can think of three reason why a faculty member might reveal how a student perform on a qualify examination . 	13
I agree with seteropere completely , `` Network Science '' be a very broad subject . 	I would say you be approach it in the wrong way . 	14
support a ideology in a ostentatious manner -lrb- rather than privately or discreetly -rrb- be a personality problem . 	I think for a appropriate answer I would need to know exactly what the ` bad ' ideology be . 	15
this do not fully answer you question , but it be certainly one consideration . 	I be a phd student in Computational Science , which be a interdisciplinary major span mathematics , computer science , and engineerning . 	16
a few possible problem : 1 -rrb- such a id system seem a little intrusive . 	in mathematics , we already have a database of this sort - two they , in fact , with in MathSciNet and Zentralblatt MATH . 	17
as a complement to the other answer , let I address the question of why planet tend towards tidal lock . 	the other answer here be fantastic at explain in a technical sense . 	18
Stars be rotate , but that be not the cause for they stability . 	Stars rotate due to the angular momentum of the gas they form from . 	19
it indeed appear the Andromeda galaxy -lrb- m31 -rrb- and the Milky Way -lrb- MW -rrb- be en route to a collision . 	in a few billion year , the Milky Way and Andromeda will collide . 	20
the short answer be : we be make from the `` stuff '' contribute by many star . 	it be highly unlikely that we be make out of stuff from only one star . 	21
all we know be this : distant object be recede from we at a rate proportional to they distance from we . 	the expansion of space mean that object in cosmological distance be recede away from each other . 	22
like Chris say above , star rotate to conserve they angular momentum . 	Stars be rotate , but that be not the cause for they stability . 	23
accord to this website the peak visible magnitude will be about 10.5 around February 2nd . 	the AAVSO datum seem to indicate that it might have already peaked , at around 10.5 -lrb- visual -rrb- . 	24
all of these effect be related to the 11 year solar cycle . 	I will be specific to answer the part regard the prediction of solar flare . 	25
yes , it be true that the apparent size of the Moon be 30 arcmin . 	when you gaze at the moon `` live '' , you be not see a still image . 	27
let we assume the datum for a globular cluster to be equivalent to that of m13 . 	globular cluster occupy a interesting place in the spectrum of composite stellar system . 	28
as per you definition , a star form in a binary system -lrb- hence near some gravitate body -rrb- be a generalised planet . 	the main flaw with you definition of a `` generalised planet '' would be the boundary between star and planet . 	30
a method use to calculate the distance between star be 3 dimensional trigonometry . 	you only need two-dimensional trigonometry if you know the distance to the two star and they angular separation . 	31
the farther away , the faster the galaxy move away from we . 	here be my answer to a similar question post on the physics stack exchange website . 	32
Stars form in star-formation region , which itself develop from molecular cloud . 	it may be possible for a solar system like ours to exist outside of a galaxy . 	33
a black hole -lrb- briefly -rrb- , be nothing more than a dead star whose mass be more than 3 solar mass . 	I think you mean to ask , `` what be the local sidereal time of Greenwhich ? '' . 	34
yes , but it do not stay in the same constellation . 	constellation be human construct to make sense of the night sky . 	35
asteroid be what be call minor planet - small inner solar system rocky body . 	the object you be refer to be actually two different object : asteroid and comet . 	36
here be a lexical decision task I write year ago use PHP and Javascript -lrb- github link -rrb- . 	just for reference , I end up write simple web-based lexical decision task software myself . 	37
it be pretty difficult to imagine a person with Social anxiety disorder be a extrovert . 	on the surface , it do seem like social anxiety disorder and extroversion should not both exist in the same person . 	38
it be hard to delineate emotion completely from thought or sensation , because emotion can contain both . 	Technically speaking , a emotion be not different from think the way it be process in brain , both involve neurotransmitter . 	39
I have find a additional concept that may be relate to the original question : prototype theory . 	accord to current model of human concept learning , the answer to you question be both . 	40
there be individual who possess extraordinary memory ability , sometimes call eidetic memory . 	there be many argument for why this be not the case . 	41
Spike trigger be a specific type or you could say a sub-set of reverse correlation , covariance and probability . 	there be the naïve version of spike trigger averaging , and the sophisticated version . 	42
as mention in the other comment , ANOVA be problematic when mix type of predictor variable . 	I like to think of multitask as rapid task switching . 	43
Q : what be the reason for people to implicitly trust they peer in extreme -lrb- or not -rrb- situation ? 	one human-being reliance on other -lrb- s -rrb- awareness be define by the level of trust between the human . 	44
intrinsic reward be the emotional pay-off that you get by complete a activity . 	accord to Frederick Herzberg 's two-factor theory of motivation , intrinsic reward be motivator -lrb- e.g. 	45
presumably the decision of driver to slow down in response to work zone signage be influence by many factor . 	this short talk deal with issue of `` cheating slightly '' : Dan Ariely : we buggy moral code . 	46
when study adult IQ , general adult norm be often use . 	basically , what you do be you compare each age group IQ to the standardization sample . 	47
some ancient historical precedent exist for prefer $ 10 $ , but also for $ 6 $ , so that be mixed support from Wikipedia on perfect number . 	this be indeed possible , but I have not see it do experimentally for reason other than feasibility . 	48
these be interesting study , but the bottom line be : yes , environment affect cognitive ability . 	I be not sure what you mean by cognitive capacity , but I absolutely believe that language shape the way we think . 	49
since this be a relatively new problem for behavioral researcher , I do not know that there be a common consensus . 	I will address just the first of you three sub-question , the other have be answer by Chuck Sherrington . 	50
if non-human animal do have intelligence too , why be they intelligence not as advance as human ? 	you own theory be bad because it seem to follow from a lamarkian interpretation of evolutionary theory . 	51
the Hare Psychopathy Checklist be often use to assess psychopathy in clinical setting . 	from a article entitle can you call a 9-year-old a psychopath ? 	52
I wrap steak individually in freezer paper , then put they into ziploc freezer bag . 	Wrap well in plastic -lrb- individually -rrb- and then put in a freezer bag . 	53
in addition to oil , make sure the grill be nice and hot before you start cooking . 	I would be use paper towel to oil the grill , and I just discover that newspaper work a lot better . 	54
the best way I have find be to soak the ear in husk for several hour before grill . 	soak whole ear in the husk in a bowl of water . 	55
there be actually quite a few difference between the different type of flour . 	the difference be the amount of protein contain in the flour which can range from 5 % to 15 % . 	56
I have never adjust the length of time base on number of egg . 	I do not boil egg enough to keep a feel for the timing ... 	57
I just hold the cheese closer to the edge away from the grater . 	by the wording of the question , I be pretty sure you be use one of those pyramidal grater or a `` sheet '' grater . 	58
I have store pancake in the freezer for over two month and not have any freezer burn . 	its go to depend on the type of packaging and also the freezer . 	59
break the bulb into clove , break off the bottom and the dry stick that go up the middle . 	lay down a knife horizontaly on the clove and hit it . 	60
I manage to find this recipe , I think this be where I get the idea . 	I have only make a couple of bbq sauce , but they have always come out really well . 	61
I believe one can not taste the difference between minced -lrb- can -rrb- and fresh garlic once it be cook . 	in my experience , fresh garlic be great for when you want texture , or to slow down the flavour infusion . 	62
I grill salmon that I get with the skin on . 	salmon be a great choice and it be readily available pretty much everywhere . 	63
the recipe I work from have you put the meat in the freezer , then pan sear it . 	start with a whole chill piece of meat , I quickly pour boiling water over all the outside surface . 	64
they do not taste identical at all , and even more important , they do not smell the same . 	black pepper and white pepper be differ preparation of the fruit of the Piper nigrum plant . 	65
this depend on the shelf life of the cultivar of tomato you purchase . 	tomato will last longer if keep in the fridge , but I actually recommend against keep they there . 	66
coagulate egg protein in combination with gluten give baked goods the supporting structure they need . 	there be basically two type of cake : butter and sponge -lrb- or génoise -rrb- . 	67
a common one be haddock and be in season pretty much year round . 	White fish be , as a rule , more delicately flavor than darker flesh fish . 	68
copper can be useful for certain task due to the its metallic property -lrb- heat quickly , distribute heat evenly , etc. . 	probably subjective , but ... good clad stainless steel will give you much better cooking performance per dollar than copper . 	70
she obviously have a legit excuse , although she could have be more responsible and `` have '' tell you in advance . 	the first have cover both be more responsible and tell you in that sentence . 	71
in some case the implication could even be that Tom do not love she . 	there be no implication about Tom whatsoever in such a sentence . 	72
I agree with other -lrb- and yourself -rrb- in that I have never hear this phrase in English . 	I have never hear or see the phrase you mention . 	73
the assertion be false , at least as you have restate it here . 	`` I have mainly be '' be fine , in the context you be use it . 	74
I would suggest you look to the construction of the native language -lrb- s -rrb- of you student . 	as bikeboy389 say , you can learn a lot by look at student ' native language . 	75
I see some reference to status as uncountable as well , but that do not make much sense to I . 	there be some case `` status '' may be account of countable . 	76
if I understand you correctly , you be look for a hypernym of inclusion and exclusion . 	inclusion be the act of include and exclusion be the act of exclude . 	77
firstly , you should be aware that there be two different kind of dash : the en dash and the em dash . 	Semicolon be use to join sentence that can stand alone , but be join to emphasize they relationship . 	78
pardon the brevity of this answer , but I would say `` name '' be prefer within the context of you example . 	name be prefer in you example , since you be formally give a name to you method . 	79
in standard English , I think `` do not get '' have the same register as `` be not '' . 	I would say the expression I do not get ... be generally rare in speak ame . 	80
the `` more posh '' word be usually latin -lrb- occasionally greek -rrb- in origin . 	as shinto point out , vulgar word exist in every language . 	81
I be american , and I have never hear the bathroom refer to as St. John 's . 	in situation like these , I tend to lengthen out the phrase . 	82
the room use for defecation be almost always refer to by euphemism . 	I be english , and would probably use ` toilet ' most of the time , and always in the context of a private home . 	83
I can only think of context use insofar as or insofar that . 	the form insofar be american English ; the standard form in british and other English be ` in so far ' . 	84
as other have say , `` ten of six '' , though not use in many english speak area , would be understand as 5:50 . 	`` ten of six '' probably mean 5:50 but I have not hear it before . 	85
certainly many usage guide have advise against use of this `` singular they '' on various `` logical '' grounds . 	this may be overly obvious , but in american English , say `` you be welcome '' be certainly polite and standard . 	I be not sure how `` not at all '' sound in response to `` thank you '' . 	87
back in the day , `` cable '' be use to describe communication send abroad . 	the word `` cable '' have its origin in the day of the telegraph . 	88
those expression could have slightly different meaning especially when talk about finance . 	I suspect the phrase originate in the habit of draw the internet as a cloud shape on network diagram . 	89
in the United States , jail be operate by city and county -lrb- or equivalent -rrb- . 	yes , you sentence will be clearer if you write the actual word instead of the slash . 	if you understand yourself and you enemy , you will be far more likely to win any battle . 	there be a lot of push up variation you can do and they all stress different muscle system . 	there be several different pushup variation out there and most of they provide a unique advantage . 	93
you definitely do not want to be support you weight with you arm on the bike for normal ride . 	no , do not support you weight on you arm you hand simply be not really make for support all that weight . 	94
yes , you should stretch before run , but not the sit down and reach kind of stretch . 	neuromuscular activation and Dynamic stretch here be a excellent video on a dynamic stretch routine for run . 	95
I feel you pain - I absolutely pour with sweat with any vigorous exercise , even in cool condition . 	sweat rate be sweat rate , you can not really control it . 	96
run downhill be the best way to strengthen you quad muscle . 	additionally often people will think a downhill marathon be easier , but in fact , be often harder than a uphill marathon . 	97
I recently stumble on a great article that talk about protein consumption for the purpose of building muscle -lrb- recovery include -rrb- . 	low rep with high weight do not add mass because the duration of the exercise be keep short . 	98
rotate through square , lunge and calf raise do each until you feel a little burn . 	Air squat , forward and side lunge , sprawl , wall chair , and lot and lot of jump rope . 	99
if you be do a full body workout 6 day a week , you absolutely need the rest week . 	there be both physiological and neurological reason to build in rest . 	100
I have notice a remarkable difference when I run on the treadmill vs when I run on the road . 	a treadmill will not prepare you for the impact of run for real . 	101
Google search for travel wod have whole lot of result which you can use . 	as @sarge say , this be for a doctor to diagnose properly . 	102
since you be be kind of vague here , I can only give you a vague answer . 	in general , warm up you muscle only require perform the movement with lower weight . 	103
First of all , as a general matter of fact you suppose to change you workout routine in every 3-4 week . 	you can mix those , but in my experience , it will be very difficult at first . 	104
properly execute weight training will increase , not decrease , you flexibility and mobility . 	I have see guy that be still very flexable while lift weight . 	105
I think it be still feasible to store seed until the next year . 	I have not try store tomato seed myself , but I have try to store pepper seed -lrb- and they be closely related -rrb- . 	106
it be not recommend to use greywater on vegetable that you will eat directly . 	add soap to water allow the water to dissolve oils . 	107
yes , you can add coffee grounds with they filter to you compost pile . 	absolutely ok ; we have incorporate coffee grounds into we plant food and many of those grounds include the paper filter . 	108
there be no post-emergent that specifically kill crabgrass without kill lawn grass . 	I bring a ace product that kla crab grass and you can use it below 90 degree . 	109
pick they as soon as they be as ripe as you want they . 	I live in Delaware and have already harvest my jalapeno and chili pepper . 	110
Thistle be classify as a noxious weed in most place and must be control . 	I have get the same problem , where there be field of dandelion just beyond the border of my garden . 	111
support be good for eggplant as the fruit may become heavy and can even break the branch . 	some support will not hurt , especially if it be a large fruited variety . 	112
to paraphrase a common say , `` one man 's weed be another man 's lawn '' . 	first , let I say I have no experience do battle with Bermuda grass . 	113
just about anything can be grow indoors without natural sunlight . 	we have quite a few people here who have grow pepper and small tomato indoors and in pot . 	114
chance be pick the seed once it be go to seed be not go to actually encourage new growth . 	the longer you can leave the seed-head on the plant the better -lrb- imho -rrb- . 	115
so you know , I do not have personal experience with this . 	since you have already accept a nicely sourced answer , I will contribute some unsubstatiated tradition -lrb- i.e. 	116
in the past it have grow almost like a weed in we pot on we deck here in North Texas . 	additional to the other answer , basil famously do not like to be damp overnight . 	117
there be a very full description of the various type of hormone root compound here . 	it be mean to stimulate root growth - in particular to stimulate the creation of root . 	118
I find it difficult to mark just one answer as correct because all be . 	I reccomend `` Monkey Grass '' because it be like a slow grow weed that reproduce slowly and look nice ! 	119
simple answer be yes , flower shoot on lettuce be a sure sign of bolt . 	it appear as though it have likely start to bolt . 	120
dirt can mean pretty much anything , from good to poor quality soil . 	use coco peat - it be a organic soil derive from coconut husk for garden vegetable and plant which be eco-friendly . 	121
if you can get over the `` ick factor , '' you have a easily-applied source of organic nitrogen fertilizer close at hand . 	the NPK number on the fertilizer represent the percent , by weight , of nitrogen , p2o5 and k2o , respectively . 	122
the point of aerate you pile be to get oxygen to the microbe that break down the organic matter . 	you pile will compost without turn it , but it go faster if you turn it . 	123
I buy a book , which talk about this , so here be a answer to my own question . 	well I would not risk it , not in a cold compost system . 	124
aloe , like most succulent , be very hardy and will withstand considerable neglect . 	some of the guy at my office have potted aloe plant . 	125
this look a lot like a invitation to a no true Scottsman argument . 	I concur with @t . e.d ; the question be a `` no true scotsman '' bar bet . 	126
some village have history and thus name go back to ancient roman time . 	many town and village take they name from the ruling family , the owner of the village . 	127
the USA be the world 's strongest country because of its military force . 	the United States be one of the five largest country in the world by area . 	128
nearly all country grow quickly in the 1950s and 1960s for pretty much the same reason . 	the USSR growth rate during the 50 's be not exceptionally high . 	129
while Queen may refer to both Queen regent -lrb- sovereign -rrb- or queen consort , the King have always be the sovereign . 	there be a very good reason not to refer to the Queen 's spouse as `` King '' - because they be not the King . 	130
to no extent at all be the war in the middle east cause by trade make the area heterogeneous . 	they have a treaty beginning in 1941 , after a few skirmish along the area in question . 	131
`` what I be really look for be a estimation of the muslim population ... '' @thanosk and @t . E.D. , a overall , general population estimation f.e. 	the following be take from my dog-eared copy of the New Penguin Atlas of medieval history . 	132
in Hinduism and Buddhism there be message of peace and a encouragement to not be materialistic . 	this relate to the `` discovery '' of Asian , and other non-european culture by Americans . 	133
I guess those be greek ticket -lrb- εισιτηριον -rrb- for excavation site or museum . 	that be indeed greek look like a ticket to a museum or field . 	134
these be ticket to the archaeological site of Epidaurus -lrb- which include the still in use theatre -rrb- and Mycenae . 	I guess those be greek ticket -lrb- εισιτηριον -rrb- for excavation site or museum . 	135
look like you have rediscover Jaspers 's concept of the Axial Age . 	there be no influence from China to the culture of Greece . 	136
yes , I can tell you from personal experience that they certainly do whistle . 	it be true that bomb in World War II would make a whistle sound as they fall . 	137
by the time that Qin have totally collapse , Xiang Yu be China 's hegemon . 	the Han Dynasty come after the Qin Dyansty , after the government under Shi Huang Di collapse . 	138
there be indeed some serious issue surround Kennedy 's election in 1960 , one of the closest election in history . 	as per you original question : the Wikipedia section do not claim that Joseph p Kennedy buy John f Kennedy 's victory . 	139
`` the grass family be one of the most widely distribute and abundant group of plant on Earth . 	as note on the Wiki page , grass seed be import to the new world to improve pasturage for livestock . 	140
Dominus , plural Domini , in ancient Rome , `` master , '' or `` owner , '' particularly of slave . 	a greek-speaking slave -lrb- δούλος , doulo -rrb- I think would call he master κύριος -lrb- translit : kurio ; lord , master , sir ; vocative form : κύριε -rrb- . 	142
the bulk of India then be not control by Porus , but by the Nanda dynasty , center at Pataliputra . 	I believe Alexander lose heart after he horse , bucephelus , die from a wound receive in the battle against Porus . 	143
yes , this be true and yes , in most case indefinite article indeed develop from numeral , as @mgn already say . 	indefinite article develop from numeral , and the definite article develop from demonstrative . 	144
preserve grammaticality and preserve meaning of the sentence be two different thing . 	in fact , you can remove pretty much and preserve grammaticality if you do not care about preserve meaning . 	145
in some nowadays indo-european language you can still see rest of base-20 numeral system . 	Modern Englishes , and many other well-known language , use base 10 -lrb- ie decimal -rrb- system of numeral . 	146
the difficulty arise not from the various linguistic property of the language pair as many here suggest . 	it depend on generally syntactic structure of two language and - yes - some pragmatic issue . 	147
in English , certainly the most common use of do be Do-Support . 	in traditional grammar , the word do be a participle in all you example . 	148
a caveat : I be experience the tail end of a three day migraine . 	I agree with the commentator that you question be a little confusing . 	149
the reason for this be that Russian be a much more tonal language than English . 	although I be quite fluent in Russian , I would not say english sound particularly ` cold ' to I . 	150
all the same method of analysis that be use with speak language apply successfully to sign language . 	one idea that be be go around at least since the 80s be that you can distinguish between hold and move . 	152
Newspeak , a `` deliberately impoverished '' language design to prevent people from communicate and think about subversive idea . 	every language be permeate by the cultural value in which it be immerse . 	153
as you can see from this map on the wals.info site , there be many . 	this be a example I always find be helpful for first year . 	155
Zipf 's law , as I understand it , be not really about language , but about statistics and probability . 	as with all natural law , Zipf 's law be a approximation . 	156
a part of the question thusfar unattended be whether the concept of phoneme have always be contentious . 	`` phoneme '' be a theoretical construct which probably can not go away . 	157
if you arecomm from the non-linguistics environment , the best book be to start with be Fromkin , introduction to language . 	this be what they recommend at Oxford as introductory textbook to student start a masters ' in Linguistics . 	158
from what I be see it be generally accept that most english speaker have a vocabulary size of 15000 to 20000 word . 	accord to a statistical estimation I know roughly 7000 word in English . 	159
a tent may give you slightly more protection than sleep out in the open , but not much . 	no , a tent will not give you any protection from bear that want what be inside . 	160
a few point to add here : coyote be not know to be aggressive towards human . 	in general they be not consider dangerous because they rarely attack human . 	161
nylon dry fast , be resistant to rip and tear , and fairly breathable . 	nylon , among other synthetic , be a ideal material for clothing for most outdoor pursuit for several reason . 	162
gps -lrb- wikipedia -rrb- be base on orbit satellite and so be accurate worldwide . 	gps system can , and do , work everywhere you can get satellite . 	163
different part of California have different wildlife , so you should probably narrow the region . 	american black bear they be somewhat common in some wilderness area of California , mostly in the mountain . 	164
so it be important to have a basic understanding before you even get on ski . 	skiing be a sport where take lesson pay off very quickly . 	165
in a gym , the toprope will be wrap over a cylindrical bar . 	Alright , there be several different issue here that we must be sure to address . 	166
I visit AZ every summer and include some hike in the desert when I be there . 	apart from what have be say , you need of water also depend on what you eat . 	167
a wonderful woman I know have the Habenera bag by rei -lrb- link -rrb- . 	if you can settle on purple Nunatak and Feather Friends have good sleep bag in those color . 	168
a embolism in a medical context refer to any large move mass or defect in the blood stream . 	here be a interesting article on wikipedia to give overview of pressure related injury . 	169
it would be unusual for a snake to attack a stationary person . 	I be no herpetologist , but in my experience , snake be in the `` you do not bug I , I will not bug you '' category . 	170
as I write above , it be hard to rate this wall . 	unlike other , I think the route be pretty well describe . 	171
once you open it up to toxin , the answer be clearly no , boil be not enough . 	boiling eliminate only a certain class of contaminant that can make you ill . 	172
different part of California have different wildlife , so you should probably narrow the region . 	you can get a rough estimate from use a online calorie estimation website . 	173
if you wear a bear bell on you backpack , you fellow hiker will kill you for be annoying . 	the above advice be quite good , just want to add on thing to consider regard food in bear country . 	174
oh friend , I have be down this miserable road just like you . 	my opinion be to wait for the child to ask for it . 	my opinion be to wait until the child itself express a desire for this . 	176
you be safe to use the bottle as long as they have be properly sterilise . 	I would say it be completely safe so long as the bottle have be adequately rinse to remove any detergent residue . 	177
he be take the diaper off because he be uncomfortable . 	you can try put the diaper on backwards which may only work for a little while . 	178
I would recommend ask question in a way that do not require a yes or no answer . 	yes , twin can develop they own language , but it be not a give . 	here be what I see with my fraternal twin : while learn to speak , all child develop some of they own dialect . 	180
whatever you do , do not bite he back to show he that it hurt . 	we always lightly bop we kid on the mouth , therefore show he that he mouth be what hurt you . 	181
a rule of thumb that I have hear be `` for small child , big dog '' . 	any breed of dog can be perfectly safe or extremely dangerous . 	182
I know of no firm evidence indicate that baby talk be either helpful or detrimental in language development . 	Baby talk , when use correctly be beneficial to speech development . 	183
a possibility be to have a family meeting with the state goal of work out the reward -lrb- s -rrb- for chore . 	many child , instead of be motivate by reward be motivate by be in control . 	184
the point be to get the air out that the infant suck into the stomach while feeding . 	I have find with my baby that it be more accurate to go by he behavior than by `` rule '' . 	185
you should have a consultation route with the school head which can lead to direct consultation with a health professional . 	it be always difficult when parent refuse to see what seem obvious to a teacher . 	186
you will be hard press to find scientific study that answer these question with any certainty . 	the topic you mention be very broad and not closely related in the scientific world . 	187
although cheese be very healthy and also good during pregnancy , some type might contain listeria , which can cause serious problem . 	as be mention , the problem with cheese be the potential for listeria . 	188
both of we child sleep in a portable pen for at least they first year , and there be no problem . 	Yours look like the one we use for my kid -lrb- same brand and everything -rrb- . 	189
I have never read anything that say teether be bad -- where do you read that ? 	we use a clean cloth or baby sock wrap around a ice cube with we kid and grandkid . 	190
I be face a similar situation ; be danish and living in -lrb- german-speaking -rrb- Austria . 	a alternative would be to expose she solely or additionally to Hindi in daycare . 	191
my son do not become potty train until about he 4th birthday . 	here be some thing that work with my son who start toilet training around 2.5 year . 	192
Show she how much fun splashing be - that be what we do , and make a game of it . 	you can put she toy near she or give he toy to she . 	193
we daughter have always love she bath , but come out ... not so much . 	my wife and I originally have the same problem with we newborn twin fuss when bath time be over . 	194
play doctor be something all kid want to try at some point . 	I have be in a simular situation with my daughter and a female friend when they be 5 and 4 . 	195
most doctor do recommend rice cereal as the first food , as there be almost no worry of allergic reaction . 	Eating off a spoon have to be a unusual experience for they . 	196
most of the literature I can find about infant sleeping have to do primarily with wake habit , not eat habit . 	in my experience , baby tend to wake up by themselves when they get hungry . 	197
here be my advice base on my personal experience pump breastmilk for twin boy for a full year . 	I understand that the first 3 day be the most important , so much so it be vital you do it then . 	198
it be possible , but it will have to be a docile female betta and a bigish tank . 	we try put a male betta in a community tank once . 	199
turtle love eat goldfish and lot of thing that fit into they mouth . 	first , the turtle be eat the fish because fish be food , not friend . 	200
give that the amount of shed be normal , I do not think there be anything you can do to lessen it . 	to reduce the amount of fur a cat malt over you furniture and clothes you could try a deshedder brush . 	201
my experience with Danios have that they always have be `` bossy '' fish . 	breed Zebra Danios be extremely hardy fish , they be almost difficult to kill . 	202
I have see cat not like use the litterbox for a variety of reason . 	I think Keltari have some good idea ... . a cat can change its `` taste '' in litter material . 	203
cat -lrb- and all animal in general -rrb- do not understand the concept of order or tidiness . 	they do not intend to leave those item around the house or untidy the house . 	204
it do sound like you cat be upset about something , and try to communicate it to you . 	something be bother you cat and he do not like it . 	205
I have notice most cat do not lick people a great deal . 	cat may or may not lick a person base on all kind of thing . 	206
how could be you so sure that the fish die a natural death . 	in my 200 l fresh water tank , which be a aggressive tank , fish occasionally get harass to death . 	207
first , double-check the dog 's body language to make sure that it be truly aggressive . 	first , you should realize that this be not you or you dog 's problem . 	208
the appropriate ph level of the water do vary a bit by fish , but too acidic can definitely kill they . 	the info you have be give in the previous answer be good . 	209
my guess be that mean you cat only marginally like the food you be feed he . 	some researcher believe domestic cat never really mentally grow up completely and they always look at you like they mom . 	210
cover the entrance to the doorway with a old carpet and use a staple gun to secure it . 	I start to dig into this because you catch my curiosity itch with the question ... 	211
try switching to rat ; weanling rat if you need something smaller . 	as mention in previous answer , rat and gerbil can be offer instead of mouse or in a rotation with mouse . 	212
you should take this animal to a vet right away . 	as cover in the other answer , you only option be to see a vet in order to have surgery do . 	213
the main cause of the allergy be protein in the saliva . 	allergy to animal , particularly furry one , can be across the board rather than species specific . 	214
there be a few thing to help you bun gain a bit of weight . 	John Cavan have some reasonable and appropriate method for increase a rabbit weight in he answer . 	215
stock be very subjective to the specific inhabitant as well as the setup and you aquarium experience . 	you will always want to add fish into a tank slowly . 	216
the best approach be play with you cat each night in the evening before bedtime . 	a trick I do be to grab and hold my cat close if they disturb I during the night . 	217
we always put it crush up in a bit of butter or on a sardine . 	we have a cat that require daily medication , and it be a struggle to give the cat a pill . 	219
the biggest reason I can think of be that you be take away a defence mechanism for the cat . 	cat do not usually like to have they paw hold , touch , or anything like that . 	220
breed Zebra Danios be extremely hardy fish , they be almost difficult to kill . 	supposedly Danios need to school which mean you need at least 5-8 danio in you tank . 	221
clean the urinated zone with vinegar -lrb- I use to do that when my feline daughter be a baby kitten -rrb- . 	other have make some good suggestion about how to neutralize the odor in the area . 	222
Aristotle do not put the world at the center of the universe per se . 	why do Aristotle place the earth at the centre of a infinite universe ? 	223
I do not think that positivism be a position of mostly leftist philosopher . 	I be not convince that positivism be routinely asociate to a leftist ideology . 	224
well for one a being could have a non-physical existance and yet not even be in you mind . 	the difference be huge , as not all non-physical thing exist in mind . 	225
people who be good at the philosophy of mathematics be mathematician and not philosopher . 	my motivation be that I like to look at thing from they root and go up . 	226
the difference between `` necessary '' and `` sufficient '' be the direction of the logical arrow . 	sufficient be a upper bind , necessary be a lower bind . 	227
I have no idea why it be vote up , but rex Kerr 's answer beg the question . 	it be a tautology , but the mapping between logic and the english-language description be wrong . 	228
it be true that , under one understanding of `` accessibility '' and `` determine '' , you accessibility relation be determine by you axiom . 	accessibility be determine by the axiom of the modal logic you be work within . 	229
I once meet a physicist who hold the strong ai position . 	although I believe Searle be mistaken , I do not think you have find the problem . 	230
if a statement be not provable a inconsistency or self-contradiction may or will develop that invalidate the system . 	should arrival at this point be the focus for examination of any system ? 	231
the question be -lrb- from Hinduism -rrb- ; do you exist because of pregnancy ? 	the least that can be say be that we must be bear with the ability and ` knowledge ' to learn . 	232
I think that for a understanding Wittgenstein 's `` solution '' , you must take in account the original -lrb- historical -rrb- context . 	Wittgenstein be allude to how Russell himself solve the Paradox - the theory of ramified type . 	233
forget for a moment that you ever learn anything about so-called `` complex '' or `` imaginary '' number . 	as other have already mention , number be of course abstraction . 	234
the question of time be a incredibly difficult one , which have be treat of philosopher from Aristotle to Heidegger . 	wikipedia , as much as it be a supposedly self correct medium , be not necessarily a definitive account of anything . 	235
not all negative claim can be validly reformulate into positive claim . 	I do not think the burden of proof be on positive or negative version . 	236
as I understand it , nothing that can be change , or break down into smaller part be inherently real . 	we interaction be merely depend on where we put we perception . 	237
I can imagine a scenario where a single all powerful god create the universe that we know of . 	it be the same idea as what Aristotle call the unmoved mover . 	238
when I need a travel tripod , I also opt for a Trekpod . 	a alternative tripod that may serve you need be the TrekPod . 	239
fast Picture Viewer have a extensive pack for the low price of $ 9.99 and it appear to cover they all . 	fast Picture Viewer be $ 9.99 and work just fine on 64-bit Windows 7 -lrb- I be use it myself -rrb- . 	240
there be many compact camera with underwater housing available from Canon and Olympus . 	there be waterproof compact that go to 10 meter , such as some of the Olympus tough model . 	241
apart from aperture and focal length , depth of field also decrease with camera-subject distance . 	the wider you aperture , the smaller you focal depth will be . 	242
when print on a lens the f-stop be usually express as a ratio with a colon -lrb- i.e. 	it refer to the maximum f-stop -lrb- which be define as the ratio of focal length to effective aperture diameter -rrb- . 	243
you need to be embed a color profile in you image , as also use a browser that support color management . 	in my experience , when the final production will be in srgb , use that color profile from start to finish . 	244
I have a few Nikon lens , and a Sigma 10-20mm for super-wide shot . 	if you interest be primarily the optics , you need to look at individual lens , not brand as a whole . 	245
I have find there be no single best way to increase size . 	there be a very wide variety of solution for resize and sharpen image for use on the web . 	246
I have use Paint Shop pro and dxo optics pro on Windows . 	in linux I use Bibble , which be have some wart but which be the only serious option AFAICT . 	247
a class 6 card in theory should be more than enough bandwidth for hd -lrb- 1080 -rrb- video for the 550d -lrb- 48 mbit -rrb- . 	some card be too slow to accept a hd stream , so you need one that be fast enough . 	248
here be many sample : Pbase.com out of the 16k photo there , I be sure some be with a d700 . 	it be a 1:1 lens , so that mean that the size of the subject will be the same size on the sensor . 	249
I use Elinchrom Skyports , but if money be not a issue then go for PocketWizards . 	or just go with the ultra-cheap YongNuo rf-602 , which give you a lot of bang for the buck . 	251
the short answer be that yes , you can do this . 	speak from my own experience , I would rather carry different nd filter that combine two polariser . 	252
the terminology be usually call `` destructive vs Non Destructive '' editing . 	for what it be worth , dirt on the lens might not be as detrimental as you would think . 	regular dish wash fluid be great for remove grease , as it not only dissolve it but also bind it . 	254
large-format camera be very much worth buy use ; they be often extremely well-cared-for , if not coddle . 	if I have to pick , Linhof would be my choice . 	255
Anil , there certainly be a difference in result , mainly in image quality . 	if you want to learn photography , almost any camera will do to start with . 	256
freezing motion generally require one , maybe two thing : fast shutter speed , and flash at the right time . 	in addition to @Pearsonartphoto 's answer , you can use flash -lrb- either the built-in or better yet , a extarnal -rrb- to freeze the motion . 	257
Federal DOMA do not test the full faith and credit clause so much as the 9th and 10th amendment to the Constitution . 	doma as a congressional statute could not violate the full faith and credit clause of the Constitution . 	258
Public employee can unionize because the law allow they to . 	the legal reason why public employee can unionize have be elsewhere describe . 	259
the U.S. appear to have a smaller shadow economy for a few reason in no particular order . 	there be three main factor that drive the low shadow economy in the US . 	260
leave aside heath care angle , you be work from a flawed premise that wage war do not save life . 	Healthcare they would probably reject you imply claim that Obama 's healthcare law will save life . 	261
the president be not really all that important for german people . 	the function of the german president be almost just representative . 	262
in a `` first-past-the-post '' system , it be difficult to sustain more than two party . 	while the ` first-past-the-post system favour two party , it certainly do not guarantee the marginalization of third party . 	263
the part of economics that be most like physics be call microeconomic . 	side note first : I do not think that physicist always agree on they theory and prediction . 	264
let I share my opinion as ukrainian citizen , from Kharkiv , eastern Ukraine . 	I be sure this be more phylosophical and ethical question than it seem . 	265
most people want not only to be well off , but to become BETTER off as time go by . 	to start , the main driver of economic growth be resource , technology , and institution . 	266
I be not yet able to answer if the phenomenon have a official PoliSci name . 	there be 2 problem with the viewpoint you present in the question , which explain the seem contradiction . 	267
no , nothing in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act grant the President transitional authority . 	there be always `` transitional authority '' by virtue of the writing of regulation . 	268
Russian Federal Law be actually quite specific on this one and not as arbitrary as argue . 	the last round of presidential election in Russia be hold on March 4th , 2012 and December 4th , 2011 for the Duma . 	269
this question have already be widely discuss and answer on skeptic . 	Minimum wage law hurt the least skilled , least productive the most . 	270
accord to shia Muslims specially Iran state and Hezbollah a country call Israel do not exist . 	as with the definition of Palestine , the definition of Israel vary depend on whom you ask . 	271
because there be more effective way for she Majesty to change or veto law . 	they do not veto law because nobody will ever adopt a law which be contrary to the express queen 's will . 	272
absolute majority always define by the institution , or the context . 	Professor Burkhauser have do extensive research on who be hurt by higher minimum wages . 	Minimum wage law hurt the least skilled , least productive the most . 	274
the University constituency be model on the University constituency in use in Britain in 1922 when Ireland become independent . 	this be still a representational form of gov ` t , but with a unique twist . 	275
before you want to start the study of a subject , figure out what you want to achieve . 	as Eugene suggest , try to figure out what you want to achieve . 	276
Eclipse Below be list of eclipse shortcut which I use almost everyday . 	to train yourself to use keyboard shortcut , unplug you mouse for a few day . 	277
as other have mention , the iRobot Roomba be a excellent example of a household robot which do meaningful work . 	I have be happy with the iRobot Roomba for floor cleaning . 	278
the important thing I try to remember be just to pay attention . 	I have be read on this topic since I have ask this question . 	279
I think you need to apply a little statistical thinking to this . 	one general key to not feel deject be to avoid compare yourself to other . 	280
a quick research -lrb- 1 , 2 -rrb- show I that the concentration of caffeine seem to peak about 30-60min after ingestion . 	the issue be that it never become useful in its true meaning . 	281
here be a technique I have develop without be aware of it : multiple browser . 	I agree with other that track you time be fundamental to the solution . 	282
even though the question have be answer I would like to add my answer . 	I do not know if I should say this , but if you job be make you anxious . 	284
you brain be already begin to wind down as you see the end in sight . 	I be write here a few tip that can help you with motivation . 	285
to stick with the traditional pomodoro technique this be consider a interruption . 	there be actually functionality in most browser already in place to do just this . 	286
I think 90 day be the absolute most you can plan out in a single time period . 	definitely plan a month ahead - it be totally ok for you plan to change - just amend they as they do . 	287
I like the previous answer regard set a schedule and fulfil the ritual of go to a job . 	buy a 3 panel screen and use it to separate the work area from the sleep area . 	289
I would start by read David Allen 's book : get thing do . 	I be consider spend the $ 48 per month on the gtd -lrb- get thing do -rrb- system advertise by David Allen . 	290
the best way to clear you head after a study session be by take on a vigorous physical exercise -lrb- min . 	what work for I be to switch the subject and take frequent break . 	291
I disagree with Josh Bruce on some of he tip . 	Research do indicate that sleep after study be a pretty good rule-of-thumb . 	292
currently I have get a fairly close to purely digital gtd setup , although this could do with some refinement and tweak . 	my gtd system be effectively 100 percent electronic -- as describe in detail here . 	293
feel the fear ... and do it anyway the book recommend to feel the fear . 	13 Tips to Face you fear and enjoy the ride seem interesting . 	294
I would say the best thing for I be to have a proper and consistent sleep schedule . 	some study suggest open-space environment lower work efficiency with 2-10 % due to interruption , stress and noise . 	there be a iPhone app call group which might be helpful . 	297
there be a relatively narrow set of people who be eligible to be wander in the restricted area . 	the capital severely punish people who head out to the restricted area -lrb- e.g. 	299
I disagree that the moniker `` most extensive '' should be apply to Dorothy Jones Heydt 's language . 	the most extensive Vulcan language be make by fan in the 60 's , especially by linguist Dorothy Jones Heydt . 	300
I would be more inclined to believe that it be some sort of ring world . 	it be not hollow , it be round just as we world . 	301
on the one hand , there be nothing in canon to suggest that the Time Turners could go forwards in time . 	Time Turners be explicitly mention for use in go back in time . 	302
I be invite in to pitch story idea to Ron Moore at st : tng . 	it be obviously possible for it to leave the field without harm - it occur . 	303
First of all , let I say that there seem to be 3 main trait to cast a spell . 	I always think that Harry seem to learn from the Half-Blood Prince better than he do from other source . 	304
I start watch the Stargate series by watch Atlantis first ! 	without delving into a in-depth analysis of Atlantis and Universe , I will try and be as succinct as possible . 	305
I vote for the dyson sphere as be the biggest realistic . 	Allen Steele 's book hex describe a Dyson sphere , but make of hexagon , 1000 mile -lrb- k ? 	306
it be before the season begin because Amy see the woman before the silence take she . 	the exact timeline have not be list yet , but there be a few assumption we can make . 	307
we have two parallel world in collision or maybe more . 	we intrepid hero also do not pursue the child who be in the spacesuit . 	308
Dick be a idea guy and a people guy , not a science guy . 	most of Philip K Dick 's work be not hard sci-fi in the least . 	309
first , we must consider that `` Sphere '' be less hard sf and more soft sf , thriller , airport novel and such . 	`` fin '' on real spacecraft be usually for one of two purpose : solar panel or thermal radiator . 	310
accord to canon , Leia be a expert in combat , especially shooting -lrb- this be from EU book -rrb- . 	in real-world combat , most fire be use to suppress the enemy , not kill they . 	311
I do not think we have a solid theory of mammal speciation . 	the short answer be that evolution could not create gill in human . 	312
here be the 2006 cover release , choice b in you question be the 2006 version . 	Wikipedia 's compilation of Time Travel Rules be a good resource to check about this subject . 	313
sign language maybe , since there be no tone to convey meaning , emotion or intent . 	it be safe to say that body posture play a big role in all language . 	314
remember , from the Fleet 's point of view , the rest of the galaxy be what be move and experience time dilation . 	well , it really depend on how long he be there , and the exact speed of the Fleet . 	315
this idea have be around since the beginning of myth and storytelling . 	the science behind superhero might shed some light on this topic . 	316
yes a team can use the same player for both bowling and batting in a super over . 	it be simply the number of ball bowl divide by the number of wicket take . 	Bowling strike rate be define for a bowler as the average number of ball bowl per wicket take . 	319
yes , absolutely - the receive player must allow the ball to bounce before return the serve - or any shot , actually . 	yes , the receiver need to wait until the ball touch he play area , otherwise it count as be obstruct . 	320
we only use Fartlek as a fitness measurement , and as a bit of fun . 	Fartlek be not more effective than any proper interval training - just more fun ! 	321
if the number of fours hit by two team be also equal then both team will get 1 point each . 	this be the rule if the run score by two team in Super Over be equal ... 	322
woman first appear in the modern Olympics in Croquet at the 1900 Olympics . 	in 1900 , the second modern Olympic game , 22 woman compete in 5 event : tennis , sailing , croquet , equestrian , and golf . 	323
it be hard to speak for a team , know what they strategy be go into a draft . 	drafting have change dramatically with the new collective bargaining agreement . 	324
to play golf , the first thing you need be a set of club . 	have fairly recently take up the sport myself , I feel you discomfort . 	325
yes , dew -lrb- wetness in the environment -rrb- factor can change the direction of a match . 	another disadvantage of the dew factor be that it make hit boundary difficult . 	326
read you post , make I think of my younger year !! 	I would say you need to distract yourself from the bigger picture . 	327
there be no good reason for the failure to implement video play in professional soccer . 	there be another problem with apply instant replay beyond just interrupt the flow of the game . 	328
basically , the rule be that you must play the ball , and not the man , until someone catch the ball . 	it be fairly simple to understand , somewhat harder to referee . 	329
at the highest level , a pace setter help ensure they meet they game plan for the race exactly . 	from personal experience I find that a pace setter to be incredibly helpful . 	330
I can think of three key factor that be quite logical conjecture . 	the movement of the ball in the air be call swing bowling . 	both of these style of bowling be perform by bowler who be medium pace or fast bowler . 	332
actually , it be much more easier to count the one not on the same continent . 	that be also the recommend strategy for marathon , if you be go for time . 	333
Red ball under yellow floodlight take on a brownish color which be very similar to the color of the pitch . 	I be too a hobby swimmer but as part of my triathlon training . 	334
no , there be no specific criterion for give the man of the match award . 	as per the rule , mom award be decide by the commentry pannel . 	335
I can not think of the specifics , but I seem to remember this scenario from many year ago . 	the laws of Cricket say that you can declare any inning , no matter what the agree length be . 	336
as per FIFA 's `` Equipment Regulations '' , Section 22 , only the goalkeeper be permit to wear a cap . 	although headgear be allow to be wear , it be not advise for anyone other than the goalkeeper . 	337
glad to hear you have start play hockey , its a great sport ! 	a general rule of thumb be every 5-6 hour of skating . 	338
I prefer to run the second half 1-2 minute faster then the first . 	I would definitely go for a slightly slower first half . 	339
for the most part you can apply at any US consulate . 	generally you be suppose to apply at the US consulate at you place of residence . 	341
there be one airline , Spirit Airlines , which be try to copy ryanair with super cheap ticket and aggressively bad service . 	there be a few airline which operate flight at lower fare . 	342
I would suggest you find a bank in you local country , and consider open a Euro denominate bank account with they . 	I be not sure if you can open a bank account in France if you be not a resident . 	343
as I remember , in Geneva at least , there be open air market on a weekly basis . 	this page list all the big Christmas market in Switzerland . 	344
my experience be that a normal taxi be always cheaper . 	when use a regular taxi make sure it be with a reputable company or you agree upon the rate upfront . 	345
I have a similar issue but in what seem to be a simpler situation . 	I be actually about to do the same thing when transfer at London Heathrow . 	346
a technical stop be for the benefit of the plane . 	usually it be a refuel stop , and you just sit on the plane . 	347
Kyoto , at least do , as describe here : jr Kyoto Station . 	Coin locker be a feature of most station in Japan . 	348
there be a geek answer to this , and a practical answer to this . 	it be pretty ridiculous that I have see airline ask for these to be turn off at time . 	349
I visit Peru in August , start from Lima and tour for three week . 	Cusco : High : 70F Low : 40f this be just before the rainy season -lrb- dec-mar -rrb- and crowd be general less . 	350
generally , almost wherever I go , I find it be easiest to get money out of the ATM . 	there be plenty of atm and exchange all around the city , especially in city center . 	351
the most obvious be the oldest long distance walk in Scotland : the West Highland Way . 	the answer will depend significantly on what country you be travel to . 	as someone who have always travel with a lot of prescription medication , I always declare it . 	353
there be train via Knin , which mean a large detour inland -lrb- there just be not a coastal line -rrb- . 	as other have say if you want to get to split the best public transport offering be by bus . 	354
would go on a cargo ship count as a tour ? 	Ozbus offer a 29 week tour of South America , start and finish in Quito . 	355
English work everywhere with people buy and sell thing and in the hospitality and tourism busniness . 	I travel around Maharashtra -lrb- include Mumbai -rrb- and Andhra Pradesh and I have no problem get by with just English . 	356
I think the dual goal have a lot to do with the purpose of the antagonist . 	I think it be go to depend on what the reason be . 	357
there be nothing wrong with the phrase `` simple sample service '' . 	the minimal change need to avoid disconcerting alliteration be to just call it a `` simple example service '' . 	358
I have start my own tool since I do not like ywriter and Storybook . 	I have try many of the thing mention above , but they never really work for I . 	359
yes , this be ok , as it allow you to emphasise certain thing , that you want the reader to notice . 	I believe this be perfectly acceptable and do a good job of emphasise you point . 	360
David Weber 's the war God 's Own have some lengthy travel scene in it which he do quite well . 	one thing that should be use as a seasoning in odyssey tale be the idea of the false destination . 	362
you have to define the problem before attempt a solution . 	Whenever I start read the same line over and over again , I start skim . 	363
you worry be a valid one ; the reader could be frustrate by this . 	I do not believe not know a character 's name would be confusing unless you make it so . 	364
no , you do not need to have take class or earn a degree in you area . 	I have do quite a bit of technical write for healthcare information system . 	365
one thing you seem to be forget regard myth , be they be extremely prevalent story . 	I notice you say `` movie critic '' enjoy mythological reference in a film , but do audience ? 	366
we just address this recently , and the excellent answer suggest be guillemet . 	guillemet , as suggest by Lauren Ipsum , be a good option . 	367
the villain I absolutely hate be selfish and self-serving , but they be also coward . 	you can write the book in any way you choose , as long as it work for you . 	sequence a only in write -lrb- sometimes you have to go back and revise -rrb- option the not writer have be . 	369
yes , dull dialog should be remove completely -lrb- or transform to interesting dialog -rrb- . 	I agree with Lauren 's answer : you need high and low in any story . 	370
the answer to you question be : it depend on how the writer work . 	at first , I think this be a bit of a tricky question . 	371
Webster 's New World Rhyming Dictionary : Clement Wood 's Updated this be the rhyming dictionary I turn to first . 	keep in mind that you can easily swear without swearing . 	I think Stephen King 's comment be helpful in this regard . 	373
in these day of googling , it be sloppy to not find the source of a quotation . 	I agree with Kate Sherwood , you should be able to attribute most quote these day by simple fact checking . 	374
