A silhouette of two dogs running by a lake . 	Two black and white dogs walking in the mud , with a ball in someone 's mouth . 	1
The lady is blonde . 	The woman is blonde . 	2
People are having a meeting . 	People are having a meeting . 	3
The dog is competing in dog agility 	The dog is jumping over the horse 	4
A man taking apples out of a bag on a counter . 	A man in the laundry is about to take his blue bag out of a basket . 	5
The child is playing in the ocean . 	A boy playing in the ocean . 	6
The couple is going to the store . 	The man is walking to the store to shop . 	7
Beautiful lights accent trees on a dark night . 	A child dressed in bright clothes swaying in a tree swing . 	8
The man is painting . 	The man is painting a house . 	9
men repair pot hole 	Two men are digging holes . 	10
An old woman is knitting with blue yarn . 	A woman is knitting a sweater . 	11
3 men are outdoors working . 	Two guys are working outside . 	12
A man is standing still in the street . 	There 's a man on the street . 	13
A woman is sitting on cloth . 	A woman is sitting in a white couch . 	14
A man with a red flag with a bull . 	A man with a blue hat is sitting on a blue boat . 	15
The firefighters were the first to arrive at the scene . 	Women leave the city in the morning . 	16
People are in a hot air balloon . 	Four people in the hot air balloon . 	17
a young girl and a person are climbing up a ladder 	The young girl jumps over a wide staircase . 	18
boy eats potato 	Kid potato place 	19
Boy in trunks on watery pavements while parents look 	The person is scanning the beautiful yellow hair in the bathroom . 	20
People are walking through a Christmas themed market . 	People are talking at a restaurant . 	21
The kids are sleep . 	The children are sleeping . 	22
A young man is playing and singing . 	A man is singing together with his band . 	23
there is a worried boy over there 	The girl is about to get shot . 	24
A cowboy does n't wrangle the calf . 	Rodeoda is a cowboy trying to capture a counselor . 	25
A man is running down a sand covered mountain . 	A man is walking in the sand . 	26
A skateboarder does a trick on concrete . 	A skateboarder makes a number on the ramp . 	27
It snowed that day . 	The baby was laid for sleep after school . 	28
man with microphone , hair in afro style . 	A man with black hair plays an instrument . 	29
A person got in the way of the picture being taken by stretching their green hand out . 	The black woman who is tired of all this falls down through the office doors . 	30
the little girl swam in the pool 	A girl floats in the pool . 	31
A black dog jumps off the edge into the lake . 	A girl on the beach is jumping into the air with a big rock and a hand in the air . 	32
a boy has blonde hair . 	A child has blond hair . 	33
Two men making strange faces while they drink water . 	Two men who make funny faces while taking alcohol . 	34
There are two people in this picture , and they are both inside . 	There are two people in this photo and both are outside . 	35
Someone walks on a wall . 	A woman is walking down the street talking on the phone . 	36
a skateboarder is surfing . 	The surfer is surfing . 	37
A person sits in a small car . 	One person sits on a car . 	38
They are stinky . 	They 're eating . 	39
Both dogs have a red toy . 	The boys have toy guns and one has a stuffed animal . 	40
A couple men are swimming for a long time . 	A person floating in the pool and talking to someone . 	41
A child is holding a bunch of balloons in front of their face . 	One person holds a photo in front of you . 	42
The grass is red . 	The grass is green . 	43
A rock climber is falling off of a mountain . 	A rock climber is jumping off the mountain . 	44
Two people are looking into the water while a boat passes by . 	Two people on a boat in the water . 	45
The boat sails past the shore . 	The boat sails into the ocean 	46
The man is in a white shirt 	Man wearing a black t-shirt 	47
Dogs playing together . 	The dogs play together . 	48
A man is riding his bike inside . 	A man drives a bicycle and runs his dog . 	49
The man is running away from people . 	A man is running on the field to escape from angry people . 	50
Four people are meeting around table in a modern decorated room . 	A few people around a table in the dark 	51
A girl dressed in blue plays outside on a nice lawn . 	Three little boys playing in the hall while watching a man in a blue shirt . 	52
A dog gnawing on a camera strap . 	A dog running with a stick in his mouth 	53
The young female has a facial expression . 	A woman has tattoos . 	54
A young boy in a uniform gets the ball from his rival . 	He runs a basketball on a child 's hand . 	55
A group of people are celebrating a birthday by partying . 	The group is celebrating a birthday . 	56
There are numbers written on the stage . 	In this photo there are a few people on a group of bicycles . 	57
The group of people wait to cross the road . 	People are waiting to pass by . 	58
The man is in a hospital 	A girl is in a hospital . 	59
The man is waiting for his pizza to be delivered . 	The man expects the pizza to be delivered . 	60
The boat has pink yellow and blue sails . 	The boat is yellow . 	61
a man on a surfboard holds a stick 	A man holds a surfboard . 	62
Two sister relax by a pool . 	Two women and one child stand on the shore . 	63
There is a man wearing clothes . 	There is a person wearing a scarf . 	64
The dog is getting some water in his face . 	The man is out of the water 	65
Some people play music at a concert . 	They 're at a music concert . 	66
A man was jumping . 	The man is jumping on another man . 	67
A man dressed as a clown riding a bicycle in a race . 	A man dressed in women 's clothes is riding a bicycle . 	68
A baseball player 's team is watching 	A football team is watching baseball . 	69
A group of boys have on green and blue . 	A student group playing in a band was dressed in white , green and gold . 	70
A man reaches over a blue carpet to grab a snake from the window sill . 	A yellow-eyed person sits down on the edge of a rock 	71
A merchant does n't have any items for sale . 	The man is trying to sell some things . 	72
The grass is green . 	The grass is red . 	73
The plants are dead 	The plants are dead . 	74
Someone is riding a bike at night . 	One person bikes at night . 	75
The woman in gray is outside . 	The woman is out in the dark . 	76
The sleeping child lies on a hospital bed . 	The child is sleeping in bed . 	77
There are people on the balcony . 	There are people on the balcony . 	78
A man is walking down the sidewalk in front of the colorful building . 	A man sitting alone in front of a colorful building and a bridge . 	79
A group of people are in suits and dresses . 	A group of women are wearing suits . 	80
Two people cut some cake . 	Two people who cut a cake . 	81
Child bicycle race 	Children participate in cycling 	82
Skateboarder doing a trick . 	A man who makes bicycle numbers . 	83
A child holds a kite and people watch . 	A man is making balloon animals for a small children 's group . 	84
Laundry day for Mike . 	Kitchen workers are preparing for dinner tonight . 	85
The people are conversing about the weather 	People are talking about the weather . 	86
a man stands in a white ice cream truck . 	A man is standing in an ice cream truck . 	87
The men are doing this for fun . 	The guys are having fun . 	88
Man shaving with a Gillette razor with a mirror . 	The man who stood in front of the mirror and shaved with a disposable razor blade . 	89
The large bird is looking for food . 	The man is now in a big coral . 	90
the band is eating 	The music group is sleeping . 	91
A dog ran away from home and seems lost out on the streets . 	Children escape from a fire . 	92
The little boy is getting dirty while he climbs on the tree limb . 	The little girl runs away from the little boy . 	93
A child running into his mother 's arms . 	The man pushes the baby cart with his free hand and carries her on the market . 	94
A human swims under the pool water . 	A swimming pool is full of water . 	95
Nobody is shirtless . 	Everyone has a shirt . 	96
Two white dogs are running in a field with a horse in the background . 	Two dogs are fighting for a rod in the grassy field , there 's a lake in the back . 	97
Hundreds of people are gathered 	Some people gathered . 	98
The men on a roller coaster . 	Couple on a speed train . 	99
This waffle will be delicious . 	This restaurant does not serve food . 	100
A Houston baseball player has caught a ball and is now throwing the ball towards another team member . 	A baseball player runs as a member of the opposing team lengthens to catch the ball . 	101
The crowd cheers on the breakdancer as he shows off his dance moves . 	The group gives a concert while the crowd cheers at them . 	102
A man next to a police officer is walking away from another man . 	A man is carrying two grocery bags , a sign of a funny man near his armpit . 	103
A child is in the middle of a crowd with their hands raised . 	A woman and a man are in the middle of the crowd . 	104
Someone is doing something athletic while gesturing . 	One person is rapping while someone else is looking at it . 	105
A woman in a pink shirt examines her camera . 	She looks at a woman with a black shirt . 	106
He is lost and not aware of what he 's doing . 	The man feels that he will get a better idea of how his hat will stop from above . 	107
the boy jump kicks off the dock 	A child 's splash falls down the pond . 	108
A male athlete falls after jumping a hurdle , into water , while people take pictures . 	Three boys sit in a public place and make jumping moves while watching them . 	109
An older man in a dark shirt is resting his chin on his hand while writing on a newspaper . 	A boy with a letter in his hand is standing in the store . 	110
People are sitting on a park bench while there are 3 pictures visible in the foreground . 	Three people are sitting on the edge . 	111
A large chorus erupts . 	A huge crowd is dancing crazy in front of a heavy rock band . 	112
Two police talk together in the middle of the road . 	The two girls are not in the middle of the road . 	113
Two men are using shovels to dig . 	Two men are using hand shovels to dig . 	114
Several people are standing in front of a stadium . 	Two people are in front of a crowd . 	115
The man is sitting in the park . 	The woman rests in the park . 	116
A woman and man on a bench . 	A man and a woman sitting in a bank . 	117
A couple walks through the rain with their child holding umbrellas . 	Two girls who walk their way through the fountains . 	118
People have gathered to watch an event . 	People were gathered to watch a concert . 	119
The girl in purple is followed by the girl in pink 	Purple sister , sister of red-eyed sister . 	120
A tall person in midair . 	A person with a fancy face is in the air . 	121
Adults are watching their children play . 	The three girls are looking up . 	122
Two girls are crying because a boy kicked them in the shin . 	The boy and the girl are holding hands . 	123
A man bikes down the street . 	A man drives down the street . 	124
The diver is in the ocean . 	The man is swimming in the middle of the ocean in the North Sea . 	125
People watching an interesting thing . 	Three people watch a man doing something . 	126
People are sleeping inside . 	People are sleeping inside . 	127
There are a lot of people riding bikes . 	Some people walk , sit or bike . 	128
A man is helping a lady put her goods in baskets . 	A young man sells cookies with the help of his wife at the farmer 's market . 	129
A woman who is wearing a vest is on a subway . 	A man wearing a vest is on a subway . 	130
A boy is swimming in the ocean on a sunny day . 	A man who surfs the ocean in a sunny day . 	131
A man is in his pajamas watching TV . 	A man is sitting in his chair and watching television . 	132
Two children read in bed . 	Mother and three children sleep at home . 	133
A bar with signs advertising beers such as Bud Light and Corona . 	The name of the brown beer bottle is Winter Hook . 	134
the woman holds something 	The man holds something . 	135
Three people play cards . 	Some people are playing a card game . 	136
A hiker is on the bottom of a hillside . 	A man climbs to the side of the mountain . 	137
A young man works for a museum . 	A young man and woman are in a museum . 	138
A teenage boy jumps into a pool in a tropical locale . 	A girl dives into the pool . 	139
Two men sitting in a doorway working on something . 	Two men standing on a wooden patio looking at a woman in a dress talking to them . 	140
James likes to pray in church . 	Father and son in church . 	141
A man is surfing in the Atlantic Ocean . 	A person surfing the ocean . 	142
The men shoveled the snow . 	The men shoveled it . 	143
The man is riding a hover board through the streets . 	The guy in the bike rides on the street . 	144
The mosaic workers were commissioned to design the tile floor . 	The two white mosaic worker work on a detailed tiled floor . 	145
There is a man wearing a shirt . 	There 's a man wearing a blue shirt . 	146
Two police officers on scooters turn back towards the camera . 	The two horseman police officers are moving down the street . 	147
A teacher 's assistant grades papers in a coffee shop . 	The man works in a store . 	148
The big dog is chasing a ball . 	The little dog is chasing a ball . 	149
The man is holding a tube . 	The man holds the microphone for the woman . 	150
A clown is preparing to do surgery . 	A baby is having a good time . 	151
The man in a green shirt is waiting for them to deliver his brush shredding machine . 	A red-haired man protects himself from the sun while trying to read a piece of paper . 	152
A man wearing a pink shirt is riding the subway . 	The guy in the line is wearing a blue shirt 	153
Two dogs , one holding a ball . 	Two dogs and a ball . 	154
The older woman is feeding oranges to the man . 	A woman and a boy are in the water . 	155
Three kids sit and listen to a librarian read a story . 	Children sit down and listen to a story . 	156
A guy in a white shirt is holding some wires , and tools . 	A man in a white shirt is holding a few wires . 	157
There is a man in a beret and a woman in a pink coat . 	There 's a black man with a black hat . 	158
A group of people cheering for a statue of Barack obama 	People are holding a crest 	159
A woman sitting in a pool holding a martini with a baby laying next to her . 	A picnic table where a woman is sitting and has a baby carriage next to her . 	160
The dogs are walking . 	The dogs are sitting . 	161
There are boys outdoors . 	There are girls out there . 	162
A group of ladies in the cold cheer with American flags . 	During the parade , a group of red and white cheerleaders kept morimizen high . 	163
A group of male and female cheerleaders are outside cheering for the football team . 	A young group of friends is cheering on the football team . 	164
A couple attempting to establish telephone communications . 	One person is checking his e-mail on a charged mobile phone . 	165
A bird flying over a desert . 	A bunch of goose landing in a field . 	166
A white dog and a brown dog running across a grassy field . 	A black dog running on a grassy field and a white and brown dog 	167
A man is playing a game on his laptop . 	A young boy makes a hundred words while playing in a game console . 	168
Young man attempts to repair wiring job . 	A man is trying to repair his computers . 	169
A statue with with a bit of wear . 	A man wearing a black hat and wearing glasses is looking at an object in his hand . 	170
Man riding a bicycle in New York 	The man who rides in New York . 	171
A man in a brown hat is helping a man with no hair up off the ground . 	A large man in a jacket and hat is holding something toward his ear . 	172
The man jumps on the ground and dances . 	Adam is dancing on the floor 	173
A man is sleeping and a clown is in front of him . 	There is a girl in front of a man . 	174
Two bicyclists are running over a hill while carrying their bicycles . 	The men are dirt roads with small motorcycles . 	175
Men are hiking a mountain . 	Two people walking near a waterfall . 	176
The sad lady in the blue shirt is waiting to cross the busy street . 	A man with a blue shirt is waiting to cross the crowded street . 	177
Some people are in an inflatable raft . 	There are some people on the raft . 	178
Friends are partying with e new band 	The two boys smile while talking to their fathers with video . 	179
A man is sitting at a table while playing poker . 	A woman is sitting in the casino at the desk and playing twenty-one . 	180
A young boy brushes the teeth of a fake alligator . 	It 's a kid who 's holding onto a fake crocodile 's tail . 	181
An old woman is walking by a building with graffiti on it . 	A woman is walking near a building . 	182
boy scouts play a game 	A boy is playing baseball 	183
the old man is thinking hard 	An old man is cutting something . 	184
three sports persons posing for the photo 	Three athletes posing for photo 	185
A vehicle is parked . 	He parked a car outside . 	186
a group of rabbits eat carrots 	A group of dogs lettuce 	187
A group of musicians perform in front of six people . 	The whole group is dancing in a bar 	188
A line of spectators are betting on the race . 	The two runners are tired at the end of a runway race . 	189
There is a person ready to compete in a swimming competition . 	A man is swimming alone in a private pool . 	190
A boy throwing a yellow baseball . 	A boy with a baseball bat , shouting . 	191
Two men are playing pool for money . 	Three guys are having fun in the pool . 	192
A child is holding a trident . 	A child is holding a gun . 	193
a young man wearing a blue shirt with a strange white building in the background 	A young woman wearing a blue shirt is holding a green object next to her desk in her home . 	194
workers tend to a transit stop 	People expect a train to come . 	195
A boy is in a tree . 	A child in the tree . 	196
A man is reading a news article . 	A woman is reading a newspaper . 	197
Working all night . 	The three dogs are each other 's best friends and they run and play together every day . 	198
Women in a sewing factory with red fabric . 	Two women are wearing clothes in the factory . 	199
An Asian woman waiting for the show to begin . 	People are expecting for the show . 	200
A man is standing on the rocky ground in front of the mountain . 	The man stands in front of the ocean . 	201
A woman on a beach at sunset is suspended in the air . 	A boy was thrown into the air on the beach . 	202
kayaker feel happy 	Nobody cries 	203
The old man and the sea are part of this scene . 	The man and the boy are standing in the grass . 	204
People and a dresser are waiting at a bus stop in front of a brick building . 	A red brick building on a street with very few people and a bicycle next to its door . 	205
The surfers are wearing wetsuits . 	They 're wearing shorts . 	206
A couple of men are sailing a boat . 	A few boys are pulling their shovels . 	207
The people are really aliens . 	People are looking for something . 	208
The man is sleeping during his job 	A man who is resting after the stomach . 	209
the train tracks are broken 	Train rail is wood . 	210
A blond woman with a pink shirt and black leather pants holds a camera on a running track . 	A man wearing a black jacket and jeans that set up the scene . 	211
A baby crawling all over their father excitedly . 	The two children bring their hands together and pass under another child 's hands . 	212
A snowboarder in green grinds along the edge of a rail at night . 	It 's in the air after a man in green on a green bicycle jumps off the ramp . 	213
Two kids cleaning up their room 	Children doing cleaning 	214
A little girl is playing with some dough . 	A little girl plays with a water ball and laughs . 	215
on of the boys is performing an ollie 	The boy is playing with the fountain . 	216
People walk down a street during a sunny day . 	People walking down the street on a sunny day . 	217
Workers are busy at their job . 	Workers are out at night to do their jobs . 	218
A young Asian boy is waving a sparkler around at night . 	A man and a woman are watching a parade at home 	219
A man in a suit by a stoplight . 	A man in a blue suit next to a traffic light . 	220
The musicians are practicing in an empty room . 	The musicians are practicing in a private room . 	221
The young boy reaching for the baton from the girl as he runs the relay race . 	The kid surfed for the first time . 	222
Two peope are sitting outdoors . 	There are three men walking outside 	223
An art gallery is being set up . 	A man is painting for the art gallery . 	224
An accident between two automobiles has grabbed people 's attention . 	Two cars got into the accident . 	225
The leotard is red . 	The hat is white . 	226
A boy is being chased through a toy tunnel by a dog . 	The child is chased by a dog . 	227
A windsurfer dressed in teal is on his boogie board . 	A man with a Mohawk-style haircut and a surfer 's shorts is standing on the beach half-surfed . 	228
a person is with a cute child 	A man is a woman with a lovely child . 	229
Two people look up towards a gold statue . 	Two kids climbing a statue . 	230
People making music together 	People who make music together . 	231
A photographer takes pictures of a family that includes four children and two parents 	A mother and two children are taking family photos . 	232
Some men doing volunteer work at the park . 	The men work . 	233
A man imitates Superman . 	The guy is wearing a spider-man costume 	234
A boy is relaxing on the beach . 	A boy is walking on the beach . 	235
A group of people are waiting to see a rock concert . 	A group of people watch the performance of a music group . 	236
Motorcyclists taking a break . 	Two cyclists giving a break . 	237
A competitive runner taking her first sprint in a competition . 	The athlete competes in a long jump encounter . 	238
A boy is wearing an all black outfit . 	A black and wrapped man on a horse is talking to someone wearing red . 	239
The woman is wearing a ballcap . 	The girl wears a baseball hat . 	240
The construction workers appear through a wooden fence . 	A few workers standing in a partially built building behind the street sign 	241
lady and man sitting on couch reading in sweats 	A young pajamas sleeping on the couch . 	242
A rock climber with a white helmet is repelling . 	A person with a white helmet is climbing on a rock . 	243
People strolling casually across a bridge . 	Two people walk randomly in the abandoned street . 	244
A man in a khaki colored uniform carries a brunette woman in white clothing on his shoulder . 	A woman in a red shirt is attaching a blue blaze to a white shirt woman younger than her . 	245
A coach smiles at a player . 	A coach stays with his players together . 	246
Six women wearing black jackets and bright red boas smile at the camera . 	Three women in a yellow shirt are smiling at the camera . 	247
There are 70 participants on each team on the field . 	There are two teams in the field . 	248
A large family poses for a photo . 	There is a family taking photos 	249
A girl is inspecting a machine . 	A woman works with a machine . 	250
A brown dog not wading 	A brown dog walking in water 	251
A person is riding his bike on a sunny day . 	A man is cycling on a sunny day . 	252
A young man wearing a red bracelet scratching his head . 	The young man in a hat with a bow . 	253
A brown dog loves the water and splashing around . 	There 's a black dog spraying water . 	254
The jogger is sitting in the park . 	The man is sitting in the park . 	255
His is in a competition . 	The woman is in a competition . 	256
A lady is climbing a mountain . 	A family is climbing a mountain . 	257
A girl reads on a crowded beach . 	A girl is walking on the beach . 	258
The black dog is running in the water near the shore . 	The white dog is walking across the water from the shore . 	259
A closeup of two women wearing bags on their heads . 	The two men wearing sunglasses are sitting on a table with two beers for the two of them . 	260
A young child is on a playground riding the swing . 	A boy and a girl are swaying in a swing in the park . 	261
There are some shoes in the child 's hands . 	Your children are empty . 	262
A man is showing off a picture . 	A man is showing off . 	263
A roller skater does various tricks off a ramp . 	A woman is doing the skate numbers down the ramp . 	264
Brothers playing outside 	Two brothers are playing outside . 	265
A skateboarder is entertaining a crowd . 	An entertainer who loves a crowd . 	266
A man watching a ball in the air . 	A man keeps a ball in the air so he can catch a brown dog on the beach . 	267
There is a young person next to a tree . 	There is a person next to the tree . 	268
The man is losing a sumo wrestling match in the middle of the street . 	The man is in a wrestling tournament . 	269
People are passing protesters as they go about their buisness . 	Two people are talking to each other . 	270
THe artist is packing up is painting tools 	The gentleman is using canvas and easel . 	271
These people are going to buy some materials for pho . 	Some people are doing hand work to sell . 	272
A man with a long beard playing a guitar . 	A man with long hair plays the guitar . 	273
The woman is on a trolley . 	The woman is on a bus . 	274
the boy holds a snake 	The child keeps a cat inside 	275
Bagpipers march down a street . 	A man fell on the street at night 	276
Six men and women jumping up on a beach . 	The two women are jumping up and down the beach . 	277
A man is changing around the furniture in his room for a party . 	A man in a business is annoyed when his glasses fall down . 	278
Two dogs are play with a ball . 	Two dogs are playing a ball . 	279
Young people are engaged in a game . 	Including two in a game . 	280
The man is examining an object . 	The woman shows an object to a man . 	281
A man in a suit with his tie flying walks down the sidewalk . 	A man in a suit walks away from a long shaded building . 	282
The men wearing opposing jerseys are getting in a fist fight 	Two young men wearing soft helmets wrestle with a court . 	283
The doctor is by himself in his office . 	The child is being held by his father in a library . 	284
A brown and tan dog walks through the green grass . 	A white and brown dog ran through long green grass . 	285
A man is taking pictures at a dance festival . 	Adam is dancing at a festival . 	286
The two children love each other . 	The couple love each other . 	287
The woman crosses the street empty-handed . 	The girl is walking down the street 	288
The two men are deciding which fish they want . 	Dogs are not close together . 	289
A protest or parade against oil spills . 	Take a break during the action . 	290
A model is posing for the cameras . 	A model poses on camera . 	291
a man watches wresting match 	A boy leaping to hit a tennis ball 	292
At a supermarket , people are buying their groceries . 	In the busy production market , many people shop and sell . 	293
two men are dressed 	Four men dressed 	294
A cowboy riding a horse . 	Cowboy riding a horse 	295
A worker is destroying an artist 's work . 	The worker is making a sculpture . 	296
A artist is not at work 	Artist , here . 	297
Three girls in white dresses run toward a fountain in a park . 	Three girls in white dresses running towards a fountain . 	298
The woman has a pie . 	The woman is making a pie . 	299
The young children listen to the teacher . 	Children sit in class and listen to their teachers . 	300
A man stands in the distance on the ocean while he stands on a small boat . 	A man walking in the water on the shore . 	301
Kids run in a field . 	A dog is running in the summer cottage . 	302
a man is protesting something 	A man is protesting . 	303
A large black dog is jumping off a pier into a pond . 	A black dog jumps out of a pond . 	304
The group of people have stuck in the cellar since the earthquake buried the house . 	People are in the basement . 	305
A young man is holding onto a casserole dish with pot holders . 	A man is standing and holding a frozen dessert . 	306
Men are lying down . 	People are reaching . 	307
A group of people standing under an umbrella at a coffee table . 	A group of people standing in the kitchen . 	308
A man in a hat and glasses looks through a telescope during the night while the stars are out . 	The man looks at the city with a telescope 	309
The other woman is wearing a leather jacket . 	The man is wearing a leather jacket . 	310
the people are bored 	People are afraid 	311
The man is in bed asleep . 	The guy is sleeping in bed . 	312
A man is drawing graffiti on the side of a gray wall . 	A man with gray coat and blue jeans running on a net in front of a stone wall . 	313
A street vendor is with his cart . 	A man 's hand over shopping . 	314
A dog bites an arm . 	A dog bites the other dog 's ear . 	315
A stewardess is on a plane . 	A man in a pilot suit is flying over . 	316
No one has won any prizes today . 	There is more than one person shown here . 	317
Two female are walking their dogs , and the male is interested in the dogs . 	There are two dogs and a woman . 	318
A man wearing black shirt with devil looking eyes , holding two big slices of meat . 	A man with gray hair and a red hat is standing outside . 	319
A woman is carrying her daughter . 	A mother carries a child . 	320
There is a clown making audience members laugh . 	An audience watches the performance of people in yellow . 	321
A couple on the side of the road talking about deep things . 	There are a few people walking around in a house with a large tree beside them . 	322
The white banner is behind the people sitting down . 	People are sitting in front of a white fence . 	323
One man is running through the house with his dog . 	The man is walking out of his house . 	324
A young girl smiles for the camera . 	A young girl and a woman smile to the camera . 	325
A group of people are standing together outside . 	A group of people standing outside . 	326
Someone in a red coat and white helmet skis past some trees . 	The brunette-stained white dog jumps over his wife , behind his object , which is white and black dog . 	327
People are in a tent by a wall . 	A human being is in front of a closed tent . 	328
Badgers burrow into their hole 	The guys are throwing shovels in a hole 	329
A young boy with a painted face plays on the pavement . 	An old man wearing red , white and bluish gray clothes is using a saw to make music . 	330
A person on a bike and wearing a helmet rides through a area . 	Someone wearing a hard hat bikes on the street . 	331
A person is walking their cat . 	A man is walking around his dog . 	332
The bicyclists are riding to the book store . 	Yellow taxis and bicycles go to the same store . 	333
An older man and a younger man are wearing jackets . 	A man is surrounded by a woman , both wearing red clothes . 	334
The couple are asleep . 	They sleep on the couch . 	335
People are on the beach with animals . 	The animals are on the beach . 	336
There are people sleeping at the park . 	People are sleeping in the park . 	337
The guy is about to get into his car . 	The man is trying to reach his car . 	338
Three men are pouring cement . 	Three men are washing their hands . 	339
A man with green shoes is jumping to catch a frisbee . 	A person with a green shoe leaps to catch a frisbee . 	340
Two people are wearing shirts . 	There are three people wearing shirts . 	341
A woman and man are talking while another woman leans on her car biting her nails . 	A man is standing in his hands , looking at a young woman using a mobile phone . 	342
A cat is climbing a tree . 	The girl is climbing a mound . 	343
A guy running on a pretty day on the dock . 	A man who rolls back on the beach . 	344
A cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo with 8 seconds on the clock . 	A horse and a rider are jumping in a race . 	345
A man shoots pool while another waits for their turn 	A man rolls back into the pool as the audience watches . 	346
a man is holding books 	A woman is holding a book . 	347
A man wearing an orange shirt and blue hard hat is measuring an area . 	The man is wearing a dark red shirt . 	348
A young man and woman at a dining table . 	An old man and woman on a dinner table . 	349
A mother is pushing her child is a stroller . 	A woman is babysitting . 	350
A girl in a gray shirt and brown hair relaxes on the lawn as dogs bound around her . 	The boy wearing black trousers and gray shirts has to be set up for his father . 	351
two people wrestle 	Five people watch two people wrestling . 	352
The shirt is solid 	The referee is holding a dark black flag . 	353
The item is wrapped in paper . 	There 's a piece of paper on a table . 	354
The men are sitting on the patio . 	The men are sitting on the pavement 	355
a large white puddle running along with a pink flip-flop in its mouth 	The little brown and white dog lies in a red rug shot by the sunlight . 	356
Two women in dresses are getting on a bus . 	The two women are sitting in a bus . 	357
The man lost his prosthetic leg . 	She has beautiful legs . 	358
People sit on a subway train that goes Downtown . 	People waiting on a bus stop . 	359
Collie dog races around a pole . 	A mountain biker swings quickly . 	360
A person climbs rocks . 	A man climbs a big rocky mountain . 	361
A group of friends together listing to U2 . 	A group of friends together . 	362
the children watch the tv 	The boy watched television . 	363
The guys are waiting for a game to begin . 	They 're waiting for a game to start . 	364
The player is wearing a uniform . 	The baseball player is wearing a uniform . 	365
Three sisters wearing dresses stand outside . 	Three women wearing clothes stand outside . 	366
A woman in a yellow tank top is looking at a window . 	A man is standing in a lane in the room . 	367
A woman videotapes an event in the tent . 	A woman in a white shirt pulls a camera in a tent . 	368
The boy is jumping off the diving board . 	The man is jumping on the trampoline . 	369
There 's a woman with a camera among several other women in the area . 	There are a few men out there , someone has a camera . 	370
Some men are being given an interview . 	The two men do not say anything during a debate . 	371
A boy wearing a red sweatshirt is raking a pile of leaves . 	A boy with a red sweater piles up the leaves with a rake . 	372
Two rich children are at daycare playing on the carpet . 	Two children play together in their own room at home . 	373
There is a very frustrated man in the photograph . 	There 's a man out there in this photo . 	374
A man is inside trying on glasses . 	A shirtless man staring out of a glass . 	375
The kid skateboards straight down the sidewalk . 	The boy skates on the sidewalk . 	376
The dog is sleeping near the pool 	A dog is sleeping near water . 	377
A man is outside in a city . 	A man is walking in a city . 	378
The camera is on the floor . 	There 's a camera on the street . 	379
A man is driving by the exhibition hall in a small yellow car . 	A man in a shopping mall and a biciclete gold sculpture are on display . 	380
A man in a white t-shirt holding a cellphone is standing on a street corner . 	A man in a black hat stands next to a street lamp . 	381
Two men are holding weapons . 	Two armed men . 	382
There is a war reenactment among friends . 	Kids are doing civil war revival . 	383
Man waits for taxis to pass before crossing the wet road . 	The dog waits for taxis to pass before the wet road passes . 	384
A girl is sleeping in a bunk bed . 	A boy is sleeping in a bed . 	385
people eat upstairs while man below unpacks 	People open boxes when people eat 	386
Man sitting on bench next to bike . 	The camper is sitting next to his backpack . 	387
A man is looking at ducks hanging through a window of an ethnic food store . 	A man is looking at food for sale outside a store . 	388
Dogs crossing a lake using a footbridge . 	A cyclist on the road near a fence . 	389
An old couple has just gotten engaged . 	A couple was newly engaged . 	390
a shirtless boy sleeps on a couch 	Child on the couch 	391
A girl is with a snowman . 	One man with a puppy . 	392
The older man has a younger fashion sense than the younger man . 	An old man talks to a young woman . 	393
A man jumps over his friend to avoid waking him . 	A woman throws her into the pool to make her son laugh . 	394
The man is walking to pick stone . 	There 's only one person walking in the street wondering where all the people are going . 	395
A couple are at the beach . 	There are a few people on the beach . 	396
a guy rides his bike to the metro 	A man rides a bicycle in the parking lot . 	397
A woman with a suitcase takes a break at the park bench . 	A man is sitting on a bench in a park . 	398
The men feel the cold . 	The men feel warm . 	399
A police officer keeps watch a parade . 	A police officer is watching every one at the parade . 	400
A group of young women compete in the triathlon . 	A group of girls are participating in a skate tournament . 	401
A woman in a black coat looks at a window display of bread . 	A woman in a black dress is sitting in front of a desk . 	402
A girl is eating cereal straight out of the box . 	The boy is out for a half-hour . 	403
A blond woman walking a plaza in front of brightly colored buildings . 	A blonde woman in front of brilliant buildings 	404
Two men on mopeds drive down the street . 	Two Asian men on motorbike ride down the street . 	405
There are many boys . 	There are three animals out there . 	406
The man is using tools . 	A man and a boy are watching something with a telescope . 	407
Two children playing on an orange jungle gym in the winter time . 	Two young girls play in the hot summer sun between the fountains . 	408
Three men are happy . 	Two guys are having fun . 	409
Asian women hold a young girl . 	Two Asian women preparing a meal while watching a young man . 	410
A woman dressed in white hitting a tennis ball . 	A young woman in a blue shirt , white shorts hits a tennis ball . 	411
The street is deserted . 	The street is crowded . 	412
Three men are standing on a ledge and no one smokes . 	A few men are on your feet . 	413
A man is driving down the street as two cars are passing by going the opposite direction . 	There are people hanging out of this vehicle that is down a road . 	414
There are three people on grass . 	Two people make love in the grass . 	415
A large white pipe is being lowered on a trailer , as two workers stand by . 	A blue sweater , working on a large rock supported by wooden planks . 	416
Two older men are having a discussion outdoors in an area with stone walls and floor . 	Three womens walk in the open , stone building with sand on the floor . 	417
A sweat shop is in full spring . 	The guy with the green shirt is cooking for his family at the campfire . 	418
The toddler is walking next to the pram . 	The door with a purity , next to the woman . 	419
A woman cooks on the stove in her kitchen as her dog begs below . 	A young woman is cooking in the kitchen . 	420
A cyclist rushes through the air 	A bicycle jumps in the air . 	421
They are relaxing in front of the television . 	A bunch of people are waiting in line for the new movie . 	422
A guy is riding a moped . 	A man is riding a bike . 	423
Two people , a man and a woman , are looking at a structure being burned down . 	There are two people , a man and a boy . 	424
A man in an elephant costume plays the electric keyboard . 	A guy in a shirt is playing a keyboard . 	425
The fisherman is waiting on help to fix the net . 	The man is working hard to use the saw to cut the logs . 	426
Willie Nelson looking stage right while at the microphone . 	There 's a man playing a drums out at sunset and a guy playing a guitar sitting behind him . 	427
Three guys and one woman sitting in chairs looking attentively to the right . 	The guy and the girl are staring at each other cheerfully while sitting in a chair . 	428
A man with a handicap was in a wheelchair race and won . 	A runner running in the first race 	429
The man and child are in their swim gear walking by billboards . 	The two women are walking their dogs beside the blue building . 	430
Two groups of children are playing soccer . 	A group of young people is playing soccer . 	431
Three sheep graze on the grassy field with a dog walking behind them . 	Two dogs walk in a field with sheep . 	432
A fisherman is sorting through the caught fish . 	A dog runs in the water to catch a fish . 	433
The vest is dark . 	Room dark 	434
A little girl in pink sits quietly reading a book . 	The woman is reading a story to the little boy 	435
Little boy having lunch in a cafe 	Man eating a restaurant 	436
people are skateboarding 	People are riding on skis . 	437
A young person is working in the yard . 	It 's a man . 	438
A girl is sleeping in her bedroom . 	The woman is sleeping in the bedroom . 	439
A woman helps a child . 	A woman pushes a child . 	440
The janitor shines the floors . 	Someone is erasing the place . 	441
Some people are engaging in activities . 	A few young people are dealing with different activities . 	442
Two teams of male sports players are huddled together on a field covered in mud with photographers looking on . 	Four guys playing frisbee on an open lawn with a few people and tents in the back . 	443
Clown smiles at people . 	The clown holding the broom is smile to the people . 	444
A young girl hangs from a basketball hoop while a boy stands underneath . 	A red-haired woman in white and purple is passing by a red sports car . 	445
A woman in pajamas hangs laundry on a clothesline . 	A woman who cleans the bathroom . 	446
A parade of people wearing red march past a building while playing instruments . 	Two people dressed in black are standing next to a blue wall when the city is in the background . 	447
A child is rolling blading down a path on Venice Beach . 	One rides a bicycle in a garden . 	448
A person giving directions to a crowd of younger people . 	A man and a woman seem to be listening to a group of people loudspeakers while they are talking behind them . 	449
These people are fishing 	People are fishing 	450
The man is conducting an interview for Fox News 	The group is interviewing a news reporter backstage . 	451
three women are exploring 	Three women together 	452
the man read alone outside 	Adam is waiting to rob people . 	453
The kids are splashing water everywhere . 	Young children are splashing water between themselves . 	454
Two people are cruising down the road on their bikes . 	Three people are driving motorcycles on the open road . 	455
A young girl squishes her face in a smile for the camera . 	A young girl and a woman smile to the camera . 	456
A surfer walking into the ocean 	A surfer paddles in the ocean . 	457
A man and his pet are outside . 	A boy and a dog are out . 	458
The woman in the blue top is holding a pink jacket in her arms 	The woman is wearing a blue jacket . 	459
The man and woman are in different rooms . 	The woman and the man are close to each other . 	460
Two people shake hands under a sign . 	A group of people is sitting with their hands clasped . 	461
A football fan is at a football game in a stadium . 	A crowded group in a Birmingham football game . 	462
A horse is running fast . 	The horse is running fast . 	463
The passengers are riding in the trailer connected to the tractor . 	People are getting on the track . 	464
A group of young people hang out in the evening . 	A group of people sit at a party . 	465
A woman in a blue shirt is typing on a laptop computer . 	A man in a black suit using a telephone club . 	466
A girl floating in the ocean on a beautiful day . 	A girl walks into the ocean . 	467
A person and a horse are wearing things . 	A dark-skinned woman who does not wear anything but a band is standing in the water washing her clothes . 	468
A man at a costume party is serving drinks . 	A man and a woman are participating in a cup of the Witches party 	469
A person is shopping . 	The person is shopping . 	470
Two people are skiing down a mountain . 	There are many people sliding down a mountain . 	471
People watching Jaws at the movie theater . 	The people in the cinema . 	472
Two people are waiting for a job interview . 	The reporters are interviewing people in a nursing home . 	473
A cat is playing with string in a window . 	A man is on stage with a guitar . 	474
A group of people stand on the beach . 	A group of people are sitting on the beach . 	475
Two people are canoeing . 	Three people are using canoes . 	476
A young man tries a game out at the store . 	A girl is trying to beat someone in a bowling match . 	477
A roller coaster has gone half way across the loop . 	The speed train crosses a curve and turns people around . 	478
Woman opening her purse in a Canadian bakery . 	A woman in the hatch opens her wallet . 	479
A photoshoot for a popular band . 	It 's a band that gives a concert when the singer is photographed from close range . 	480
A couple and their child enjoy a day at the beach . 	Mother and daughter are enjoying a day at the beach . 	481
Some people in the military are playing ball . 	There are two guys in this photo and they both play outside . 	482
They are both dachshunds . 	They 're all colleagues . 	483
A snowboarder is performing a jump whilst riding on a pink snowboard at the end of the season . 	The blue person in the snowboard during the jump . 	484
Two workers , one lying down and the other sitting in a chair , take a break outside . 	Two girls clinging to a cee , one with water in their backs , and one in their overalls . 	485
Three butterfly swimmers in a pool , coming towards the viewer . 	Two women float in a pool under a waterfall . 	486
A man is climbing a tree . 	A man is climbing a ditch 	487
The boy is looking at bugs . 	The child is looking at a municipality . 	488
A brown dog shakes off water after exiting a natural pond . 	A big brown dog floating in deep water with a stick in his mouth . 	489
A younger male is not sitting on a chair . 	A man and a woman are sitting on a table . 	490
The children are eating dinner 	Adults are eating . 	491
People lean together . 	People are spending time together . 	492
The man is having a meeting . 	There 's a man on the edge line . 	493
A mother and daughter are drinking coffee at the kitchen table . 	A mother and her sister pretzel in the dining area of a shopping mall . 	494
Hitler dressed as a goalie attempts to re-enact his favorite soccer game . 	A young man plays the trumpet to prevent the other team from gaining attention . 	495
A girl is standing on the rails of a boardwalk , fishing . 	A woman walks in the rain with a small child protected by an umbrella outside 	496
People at an outside bar , drinking . 	A group of young people are sitting in a city street and chatting . 	497
the people are observing 	People are quietly observing . 	498
A man is crying while other man sits 	A man and woman are sitting 	499
A group of men and women who are looking at art in a art show . 	The young woman in the jewelery store . 	500
