mexico wish to guarantee citizen ' safety . 	mexico wish to avoid more violence . 	1
spain currently hold the rotate presidency of the osce . 	spain currently hold the osce 's presidency . 	2
the treaty be first sign in 1990 . 	the cfe treaty be sign in 1990 . 	3
gorgich and pashtoon be execute in prison . 	gorgich and pashtoon be execute for trafficking heroin in sistan-baluchestan province . 	4
safe bourada be sentence to 15 year in prison . 	djamel badaoui be sentence to five year . 	5
santo state the radioactive material be the primary basis for generate crude weapon of mass destruction and terrorism . 	uranium be a radioactive material which be the primary basis for generate dirty weapon of mass destruction and terrorism . 	6
fulvio berghella state that the digital worm name sq hell be particularly virulent and replicate itself at the rate of 8000 time a hour . 	fulvio berghella state that the digital worm name sq hell have a very high capacity to replicate itself and the digital worm name sq hell be slow down the poste italiane computer network and make some computer inoperable . 	7
ingo kober state there be larger interest in intellectual property rights now than 20 or 30 year ago . 	ingo kober state that some nation have stronger intellectual property rights than other . 	8
investigator claim the british company be a cia cover . 	russian investigator state that the british company be a cia cover . 	9
russia and nato member country will hold meeting this fall on the conventional force in europe treaty -lrb- cfe -rrb- . 	russian parliament vote unanimously to suspend russia 's participation in the conventional force in europe -lrb- cfe -rrb- treaty . 	10
the united state government and other nato member have refuse to ratify the amend treaty until official in moscow withdraw troops from the former soviet republic of moldova and georgia . 	the united state and other nato member have refuse ratify the amend treaty until russia completely withdraw from moldova and georgia . 	11
russia would not immediately increase military strength along russian border . 	russia would not hesitate to increase military strength along russian border if the need arise . 	12
the center will be operational in august 2008 . 	the center will formally open in 2009 . 	13
brazilian police surround slum north of rio de janeiro to rid they of violent drug trafficker . 	the police officer surround the slum north of rio de janeiro to rid they of violent drug trafficker and seize weapon and drug . 	14
regional and international non-proliferation issue should be address through dialogue and negotiation . 	the second proposal be that regional and international non-proliferation issue should be address through dialogue and negotiation . 	15
bombing occur in afghanistan as attack by anti-government insurgent increase in recent day . 	a bombing occur in afghanistan but police have not yet state who be responsible . 	16
georgian government website be under intense cyber attack follow russian military strike against georgia late last week . 	the cyber attack follow russian military strike launch against georgia late last week . 	17
switzerland 's trade and diplomatic relation with iran have be criticize in recent month after foreign minister micheline calmy-rey travel to tehran in march 2008 to sign a deal with iran 's state gas firm . 	switzerland 's trade and diplomatic relation with the islamic republic have be criticize in recent month after foreign minister micheline calmy-rey travel to tehran in march 2008 to sign a gas deal . 	18
the conventional force in europe treaty limit the number of military aircraft , tank and other non-nuclear heavy weapon in europe . 	the conventional force in europe treaty be sign by russian and nato member in 1990 . 	19
the african union have propose a peacekeeping mission to help somalia 's struggle transitional government stabilize somalia . 	the african union have propose a peacekeeping mission to aid the struggle transitional government in stabilize somalia , particularly after the withdrawal of ethiopian force . 	20
report state that the syrian government be conceal a nuclear facility at the attack site . 	u.n. expert have begin analyze report that state the syrian government be conceal a nuclear facility at the attack site . 	21
the drug be also know as ice or shabu . 	methamphetamine be also know as ice . 	22
national , regional and international effort to end the illicit trade in small arm and light weapon . 	the global community must cooperate to end illicit trade of small arm and light weapon . 	23
religious extremism continue in pakistan despite the ban of militant group . 	religious extremism continue in pakistan despite the ban of militant group by the pakistani government . 	24
russian official have call for a conference on the conventional force in europe treaty to discuss ratification of the amend treaty . 	antonov speak the day before a conference on the conventional force in europe treaty . 	25
russian president putin sign decree suspend russia 's application of european arm control treaty . 	president vladimir putin sign a decree suspend russia 's participation in the conventional force in europe treaty . 	26
myanmar be formerly know as burma . 	myanmar be formerly call burma . 	27
alto huallaga be located northeast of the capital lima . 	puerto cabezas be located 557 km northeast of managua , nicaragua . 	28
nato regret russia 's decision to suspend participation in the cfe . 	russia 's decision to suspend participation in the cfe be a step in the wrong direction . 	29
human rights violation in myanmar include summary execution , torture and the recruitment of child soldier . 	these human rights violation include summary execution , torture and the recruitment of child 	30
general nikolaus n. urakov state by telephone that the state scientific center of apply microbiology have quite reliable system of protection in case of emergency . 	general nikolaus n. urakov be the longtime director of the the state scientific center of apply microbiology . 	31
alstom be in competition with japanese and german country for the contract . 	alstom be compete against japanese company shinkansen and german company ice for the contract . 	32
the legislation be the most recent effort by japan to ascribe more freedom to its tightly control military and would overturn a ban on the military use of space . 	the legislation be the most recent effort by japan to ascribe more freedom to the tightly control military technically know as a self-defense force . 	33
south korea launch new bullet train reach 300 kph . 	south korea have have a bullet train system since the 1980 . 	34
russia be a member of the quartet on the middle east . 	russia be a member of the nsg . 	35
anatoly sokolov announce -- soviet-built a-135 missile defense system around moscow be obsolete and inefficient . 	soviet-built a-135 missile defense system around moscow be obsolete and inefficient . 	36
the deal have be in process for several year . 	the iaea have be investigate iran 's nuclear activity for 4 year . 	37
adherence to non-proliferation obligation will enhance mutual trust and foster international cooperation in nuclear energy . 	zhang yan state that all country should abide by non-proliferation obligation in order to enhance mutual trust and create a sound environment for international cooperation in nuclear energy . 	38
french energy and transport company alstom may sign a contract to build a high-speed rail link between beijing and shanghai . 	alstom may sign a contract to build a high-speed rail link between beijing and shanghai . 	39
no other drug have become as integral in decade . 	the drug have be around in other form for year . 	40
the international atomic energy agency reach a agreement with iranian official that state there be no remain issue and ambiguity regard iran 's nuclear program and activity . 	the accord say that there be no remain issue and ambiguity regard iran 's nuclear program and activity . 	41
beij police apprehend more than 20 people include 8 foreigner in suspicion of use and trafficking drug in 2 pub in a popular downtown area . 	beij police apprehend more than 20 people in suspicion of use and trafficking drug in 2 downtown bar . 	42
russia ratify the update treaty in 2004 but the united state and other nato member have refuse to do so argue that moscow must first fulfill obligation to withdraw force from georgia and from moldova 's separatist region of trans-dniester . 	russia have ratify the amend version but the united state and other nato member have refuse to do so until the russian government withdraw troops from the former soviet republic of moldova and georgia . 	43
there be conflict opinion as to the extent of damage suffer by the insurgency . 	violence continue despite conflict opinion on the extent of damage suffer by the rebel group . 	44
helmand province be the world 's largest opium-producing region . 	helmand province be the world 's largest producer of opium . 	45
police state tsai wen-huang would be extradite to taiwan . 	police state that -- chung have be on the run . 	46
2 of the individual arrest be release . 	2 of the zambian arrest be juvenile . 	47
mexican president felipe calderon have send 2800 special agent and soldier to sinaloa due to the high degree of organized crime and drug trafficking . 	mexican president felipe calderon have send 2800 special agent and soldier to sinaloa to fight drug trafficking . 	48
berlin will host top-level meeting in october to save key european arm control treaty conventional force in europe -lrb- cfe -rrb- . 	russia suspend its participation in a key european arm control treaty that govern deployment of troops in europe . 	49
the osce meeting last two day . 	the osce meeting be hold in madrid . 	50
the cfe treaty be sign in 1990 . 	the cfe treaty be establish in 1990 . 	51
iran insist that the program be aim solely at peaceful pursuit such as the generation of 	iran insist that its nuclear program be for peaceful purpose 	52
china be a important force for safeguard world peace . 	china be a important force for promote world development . 	53
north korea deny involvement in any nuclear program in syria . 	north korea deny involvement in any syrian nuclear project . 	54
a spokesman for stockwell day be not immediately available for 	chinese authority be not immediately available for comment . 	55
kim myong-chol warn that if there be a interdiction of north korean vessel the north korean government would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major city such as new york and washington . 	kim myong-chol state that north korea would retaliate with a nuclear missile attack on major city such as new york and washington dc . 	56
iran be the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china . 	the islamic republic be the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china . 	57
john duncan be great britain 's ambassador for multilateral arm control and disarmament . 	at un assembly chinese government urge increase effort toward global arm control and disarmament . 	58
the treaty be amend in 1999 after the collapse of the soviet union . 	the treaty be amend in 1999 to reflect change since the soviet breakup . 	59
kashmir be divide between india and pakistan . 	kashmir be claim by both india and pakistan . 	60
south korea and israel oppose proliferation of weapon of mass destruction and a arm race . 	china will resolutely oppose the proliferation of mass destructive weapon . 	61
kadhafi warn that we and britain 's failure to compensate libya for nuclear disarmament will deter iran and north korea from disarm . 	western country ' failure to sufficiently compensate libya will deter iran and north korea from disarm . 	62
russia ratify the amend treaty . 	russia ratify the update treaty in 2004 . 	63
a staff of 30 specialist will conduct research and training on cyber warfare and will be prepare to assist nato member with response to any future cyber attack . 	a staff of 30 specialist will conduct research and training on cyber warfare . 	64
jamaat-i-islami 's youth wing stage a separate demonstration in kashmir . 	jamaat-i-islami 's youth wing 's demonstration be against a we attack on iraq . 	65
iran be the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china . 	the islamic republic be the most prolific applier of the death penalty in the world after china . 	66
china will resolutely oppose the means of the delivery of mass destructive weapon . 	china have always oppose the proliferation of weapon of mass destruction . 	67
a breakdown of order in china will lead to significant global turmoil . 	a breakdown of order in china will be worse than in afghanistan or yugoslavia . 	68
north korea have claim nuclear ambition and currently north korea be report to have missile aim at japan . 	north korea have boast of nuclear ambition and north korea be now report to have missile train on 	69
abuja be the capital of 	tskhinvali be the capital of georgia . 	70
the united state government have accuse the iranian government of try to develop nuclear weapon under the cover of a civilian nuclear program . 	the we and ally have accuse iran of attempt to develop nuclear weapon under the guise of a civilian nuclear program . 	71
tirana be the capital of 	abuja be the capital of 	72
in a armed clash iranian police kill 4 allege drug trafficker , arrest 2 , and seize nearly 5 metric ton of opium and morphine . 	during armed clash in southeastern iran police seize nearly 5 metric ton -lrb- 5.5 ton -rrb- of opium and morphine . 	73
iran 's nuclear project be for peaceful purpose . 	iran insist that its nuclear program be for peaceful purpose 	74
china will resolutely oppose the proliferation of mass destructive weapon . 	china will resolutely oppose the means of the delivery of mass destructive weapon . 	75
china be north korea 's closest ally . 	north korea be a reclusive state . 	76
libyan foreign minister abdel rahman shalgam visit london during the first visit by a libyan foreign minister since 1969 . 	shalgam 's visit to london be the first by a libyan foreign minister since 1969 . 	77
goff state that this present a major threat to global security . 	it present a major threat to global security . 	78
cambodia and vietnam finalize a agreement to stop asian and european drug trafficker . 	syrian and russian official sign a agreement of cooperation in combate drug trafficking . 	79
activist have state that russia be imprison people without evidence of illegal activity . 	russia imprison people without evidence of illegal activity . 	80
restrain extremist group be become increasingly difficult because of how the group be finance . 	bruguiere state -- restrain extremist group particularly across europe be become increasingly difficult because of how the group be finance . 	81
zabol be a town in southeastern iran . 	khoramabad be a city in western iran . 	82
detainee to be accuse of homicide , criminal collaboration , kidnapping and the funding of terrorism and include member of the military and police . 	iguaran state that the detainee will be accuse of homicide , criminal collaboration , kidnapping and the funding of terrorism . 	83
exist rod could produce 3-6 atomic bomb in 6-8 month . 	expert state that the rod could produce 3-6 atomic bomb in 6-8 month . 	84
the international atomic energy agency may have be trick because it be eager for a deal . 	the international atomic energy agency plan draw out negotiation for many month . 	85
myanmar government have state myanmar will become opium-free by 2014 . 	myanmar government state myanmar be on track to be drug-free by 2014 . 	86
jewish-american group the anti-defamation league -lrb- adl -rrb- publish full-page advertisement in swiss and international papers in april 2008 accuse switzerland of funding terrorism through the deal . 	the anti-defamation league take out full-page advertisment in swiss and international newspaper earlier in april 2008 accuse switzerland of funding terrorism through the deal . 	87
france provide the rocket , gun and engine . 	britain provide fuel tank and gearbox . 	88
capital offens in saudi arabium include rape , murder , apostasy , armed robbery and drug trafficking . 	capital offence in iran include murder , rape , armed robbery , serious drug trafficking and adultery . 	89
bae system be the uk 's largest defense company . 	bae system be the uk 's largest military 	90
lavrov have tell we secretary of state condoleezza rice that russia remain open to dialogue . 	u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice demand russia withdraw its force . 	91
additional individual and entity be subject to a asset freeze . 	the resolution include a broaden list of individual and entity subject to a asset freeze . 	92
withdrawal from the treaty would allow russia to bolster force near russian border . 	withdrawal from the conventional force in europe treaty would allow russia to bolster force near russian border . 	93
fan state the commission be primarily concern with the term of future investment in taiwan . 	fan state the commission will ensure the commitment be uphold once the investment be under way . 	94
government spokesman maseko state that if administrative papers be in order the government of south africa can not intervene to prevent weapon from be transport through its territory to a neighbor landlocked country . 	spokesman themba maseko state as long as administrative papers be in order south africa can not intervene to prevent weapon be transport through south african territory to zimbabwe . 	95
president dmitry medvedev 's statement be post on the kremlin website and carry in full by state news agency . 	the statement be post on the kremlin web site and carry by state news agency . 	96
turkmenistan border afghanistan . 	sistan-baluchestan border afghanistan and pakistan . 	97
the number of execution increase in iran last year amid a campaign that be aim at improve security in society . 	the number of execution increase dramatically in 2007 amid a campaign which iranian authority state be aim at improve security in society . 	98
syria deny have a undeclared nuclear program . 	syria deny the existence of a undeclared nuclear program . 	99
amnesty international be a rights group base in london . 	the international institute for strategic study be located in london . 	100
the number 254 be tabulate with a afp count compile from press and witness report . 	the number of execution in iran in 2007 be calculate by a afp count compile from press report . 	101
the iranian government state -- the iranian nuclear program remain peaceful . 	the iranian government say the nuclear program be peaceful . 	102
shingarev say it be very difficult to make a nuclear weapon from the plutonium in this fuel . 	donohue say it be very difficult to manipulate radioactive isotope without leave a trail . 	103
paris be the capital of france . 	lima be the capital of 	104
a indian government official speak on condition of anonymity . 	the official speak on condition of anonymity . 	105
russia have threaten several time to withdraw from the cfe when it be at odds with the united state over u.s. plan to install a missile defense shield in eastern 	russia have repeatedly threaten withdrawal from the cfe in opposition to plan for the extension of the we missile defense shield to eastern europe . 	106
the plan for tunisia be the creation of electronic database to facilitate tax collection . 	the plan for nigerium and mozambique be the creation a electronic database for real estate . 	107
china have be praise by the international community for effort to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue . 	china have be praise especially by the asia-pacific state for effort to resolve the korean peninsula nuclear issue . 	108
the russian foreign ministry state that russia have not suspend dialogue . 	russian official state that russia will not reconsider the suspension . 	109
arm smuggler and drug cartel must be eliminate from southeast asia . 	arm smuggler and drug cartel abet terrorist . 	110
the new law attempt to remove any legal obstacle to build more advanced spy satellite and to help innovation in japans 's space industry . 	the purpose of the new law be to remove any legal obstacle to build more advanced spy satellite and to encourage innovation in japans 's space industry . 	111
zhang state -- china oppose restrict the peaceful use of nuclear energy by non-nuclear-weapon state on the basis of non-proliferation because the peaceful use of nuclear energy be a crucial objective of the npt . 	zhang yan state that china oppose use non-proliferation as a pretext for restrict and deprive non-nuclear-weapon state of the right to peaceful use of nuclear energy . 	112
non-proliferation expert at the international institute for strategic study mark fitzpatrick state that the iaea report -- have a unusually strong tenor . 	senior fellow at the international institute for strategic study mark fitzpatrick state that -- the international atomic energy agency plan be superficial . 	113
the treaty limit the number of aircraft , tank and other non-nuclear heavy weapon around europe . 	the conventional force in europe treaty limit the number of military aircraft , tank and other non-nuclear heavy weapon in europe . 	114
estonian official state that some of the cyber attack that cause estonian government website to shut down temporarily come from computer in the administration of russia include in the office of president vladimir putin . 	official in estonia include prime minister andrus ansip have claim that some of the cyber attack come from russian government computer include computer in the office of russian president vladimir putin . 	115
britain have strike a agreement to supply saudi arabia with typhoon jet in a deal worth a estimate 8 billion pound -lrb- about 13.9 billion we dollar -rrb- . 	the uk agree to supply saudi arabia with typhoon jet in a deal worth a estimate 8 billion pound -lrb- approximately 13.9 billion we dollar -rrb- to the uk defense company bae system . 	116
opium be the raw ingredient for heroin . 	the poppy yield the raw ingredient for heroin . 	117
wi sung-lac refuse to give any detail about the north korean nuclear reactor project . 	south korea have so far take a cautious stance on the issue of the north korean nuclear reactor project . 	118
the agreement aim to establish a wider cooperation cover national security and the fight against global terrorism . 	in a statement the british ministry of defense state -- the agreement aim to establish wider cooperation cover national security and the fight against global terrorism . 	119
many of those execute in iran be hang in public . 	many of the people execute be hang in public . 	120
the united state and the ally of the united state believe iran be pursue nuclear arm . 	the united state and some european nation believe that iran 's nuclear project be for the purpose of make nuclear weapon . 	121
the cfe be very important for european security . 	the cfe be a cornerstone of european security . 	122
indian troops already fight rebel in kashmir be now engage in a massive campaign to destroy poppy crop in the region . 	indian troops already fight rebel be now also engage in a massive operation to destroy poppy crop in kashmir . 	123
the matter be delicate . 	the iaea report be restricted . 	124
last week russia announce that it will suspend participation in the cfe . 	nato regret russia 's decision to suspend participation in the cfe . 	125
the u.s. , other western nation and nato condemn the violence . 	the u.s. , other western nation and nato demand a cease-fire . 	126
indian national constitute the largest number of foreign inmate in nepal prison . 	drug trafficker from foreign country constitute the largest percentage of foreign inmate in nepal . 	127
the judicial order accuse raghad of funding terrorism . 	the court accuse raghad saddam hussein of funding terrorism . 	128
myanmar 's military ruler burn approximately 250 million dollar worth of illegal drug to mark the international day against drug abuse and illicit trafficking . 	myanmar 's military ruler incinerate the drug to mark the international day against drug abuse and illicit trafficking . 	129
iranian official have increase execution in 2007 as official enforce a campaign purportedly aim at promote virtue and boost security in society . 	the number of execution increase in iran last year amid a campaign that be aim at improve security in society . 	130
india accuse islamabad of funding and training guerrilla . 	india accuse pakistan of funding and training the cross-border guerrilla . 	131
the ensue battle and airstrike kill at least 10 militant . 	a ensue battle kill at least 10 militant . 	132
the panamanian foreign ministry communique state that the task force will facilitate the technological transfer and promote the biofuel production and consumption . 	the panamanian foreign ministry communique state that panama and brazil sign 3 juridical-issue treaty that include a extradition 	133
vietnam have among the world 's harshest drug law . 	vietnam 's drug law be among the world 's strictest law . 	134
the indian government have prohibit direct or indirect export and import of all item , material , goods and technology that could contribute to iran 's enrichment-related , reprocessing or heavy water-related activity . 	india have prohibit direct or indirect export and import of all item , material , goods and technology that could contribute to iran 's nuclear weapon delivery system . 	135
the vietnam news agency report that the ministry of public security state that foreigner involve in drug trafficking case in vietnam come mostly from lao , cambodia , australia , china , the united state and taiwan . 	the vietnam news agency report that the ministry of public security state that police admit that drug trafficking into vietnam be increase but action to prevent and stop the drug trafficking along the border remain limited . 	136
saferworld team leader on transfer control and small arm roy isbister state -- the eu embargo prohibit direct or indirect supply of military equipment for use in myanmar . 	saferworld team leader on transfer control and small arm roy isbister state that -- the eu embargo explicitly state that no military equipment should be supply either directly or indirectly for use in myanmar . 	137
the united state and other nato member have refuse to ratify the amend treaty . 	the united state and other nato member have refuse to do ratify the update cfe . 	138
the cfe limit the use of armed force and heavy weaponry and prescribe measure aim at confidence-building , transparency and cooperation between member state . 	the treaty limit deployment of tank and troops in nato and former easter european warsaw pact country and establish confidence-building , transparency and cooperation measure between member 	139
bulgaria be located on the southeastern part of the balkan peninsula . 	drug-trafficking activity be rampant in the southeastern part of the balkan peninsula . 	140
elbaradei state that this be the last chance to build security in the middle east base on trust and cooperation and not on possession of nuclear weapon . 	this be the last chance to build security in the middle east base on trust and cooperation rather than on the possession of nuclear arm . 	141
the iranian government have dismiss the allegation in the intelligence present to the international atomic energy agency board as baseless and the intelligence use to support the allegation as fake . 	the international atomic energy agency insist that the iranian government 's simple denial of the intelligence present to the international atomic energy agency board be not good enough to allay western country suspicion . 	142
the cfe treaty be establish in 1990 . 	the treat be originally sign in 1990 . 	143
the conventional force in europe treaty be consider a key arm control treaty . 	the conventional force in europe treaty be a key soviet-era arm control treaty . 	144
nicaragua commemorate the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution that topple the dictatorship of anastasio somoza but impose a cuban-style leftist regime . 	nicaragua commemorate the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution . 	145
13 kurd from turkey be arrest near paris on suspicion of money-laundering for the kurdistan worker ' party -lrb- pkk -rrb- . 	10 kurd be under investigation in france on suspicion of money-laundering for a terrorist organization know as kurdistan worker ' party -lrb- pkk -rrb- . 	146
the meeting last 2 day . 	the osce meeting last two day . 	147
the villager be inadvertently involve themselves in drug trafficking . 	105 inmate be serve sentence for drug trafficking . 	148
the russian government strongly oppose u.s. plan to install antimissile defens in europe and dismiss u.s. assertion that the interceptor be need to defend against threat from iran . 	after talk at nato headquarters baluyevsky repeat russia 's opposition to u.s. plan to install antimissile defens in europe and dismiss u.s. assertion that the interceptor be need to defend against potential threat from iran . 	149
hong kong university collaborate with university , business and government sector of mainland china to coordinate training program and research center to promote high-tech research , commercialization , and technology transfer . 	hong kong university have collaborate with tertiary education , business and government sector of mainland china to direct training program and research center to promote research commercialization and technology transfer . 	150
the chinese government give active cooperation and assistance to the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapon inspection . 	the ecuadorian foreign ministry say in a statement that delegate from the organization for the prohibition of chemical weapon -lrb- opaq -rrb- will also take part in the meeting . 	151
the mexican government have adopt a series of measure against drug trafficking and organize crime within mexico since 2006 . 	since 2006 mexico have adopt a series of measure against drug trafficking and organize crime . 	152
the statement do not specify the quantity of warhead the missile be capable of carry . 	the statement do not specify how many warhead the missile can carry . 	153
it be a serious threat to international security . 	it present a major threat to global security . 	154
nicaragua commemorate the 25th anniversary of the sandinista revolution . 	nicaragua have not reconcile how to approach the anniversary of the sandinista revolution . 	155
russian president vladimir putin state that the decision to cease implementation of the conventional force in europe treaty be a response to u.s. plan to establish missile defense site in eastern europe and to nato 's failure to ratify a amend version of the treaty . 	russian president vladimir putin state that the decision be a response to u.s. plan to establish missile defense site in eastern europe and to nato 's failure to ratify a amend version of the treaty . 	156
dutch national research institute tno carry out chemical weapon experiment for the dutch defense ministry during the 1950 . 	a report issue by security software vendor mcafee inc. , say government-affiliated hacker in china be at the forefront of a brewing cyber cold war . 	government-affiliated hacker in china be at the forefront of a burgeon cyber cold war . 	158
the treaty limit the number of aircraft , tank and other non-nuclear heavy weapon around europe and be first sign in 1990 . 	the treaty limit the number of aircraft , tank and other non-nuclear heavy weapon around europe . 	159
many of the attack originate abroad . 	estonian official state that the attack originate in russia . 	160
police arrest 2 honduran drug trafficking suspect . 	bulgarian police arrest head of drug trafficking group . 	161
if japan rise to the occasion japan will never be beat even in term of military power . 	ozawa say that if japan rise to the occasion then japan will never be beat even in term of military power . 	162
egypt and jordan have sign the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and have long call for a middle east free of weapon of mass destruction . 	syria have sign the nuclear nonproliferation treaty and have allow agency expert to inspect its only known nuclear facility . 	163
russia already participate in the european space agency 's 	france be a leader in the european space agency . 	164
myanmar be a military state . 	myanmar have a military junta . 	165
it do not say if the man have be hang in prison . 	dozen of such criminal have be hang in public . 	166
amnesty international 's report be compile by european and international non-governmental organization such as saferworld , which oppose armed violence . 	the amnesty international report be compile by european and international non-governmental forum . 	167
a institute for public policy research report say there be 27 weak state that pose a threat to britain 's national security as the state could provide basis for terrorist . 	the report say there be 27 weak state that pose a threat to britain 's national security as the state could provide basis for terrorist . 	168
the iranian government deny the accusation and insist the nuclear program be for peaceful purpose only . 	iran insist that its nuclear program be for peaceful purpose 	169
the proliferation security initiative call for stop and search ship suspect of carry weapon of mass destruction . 	member of the proliferation security initiative be consider way of intercept ship or aircraft suspect of carry weapon of mass destruction . 	170
the international community should modernize and seek a fair , reasonable and effective way to enhance the nuclear non-proliferation regime through extensive consultation . 	the third proposal be that country should advance with the time and seek a fair , reasonable and effective way to enhance the nuclear non-proliferation regime through broad consultation . 	171
amnesty international have publish a report state that a indian project to sell attack helicopter to myanmar threaten a european union arm embargo against myanmar . 	the amnesty international report be title indian helicopter for myanmar : make a mockery of the eu arm embargo ? 	172
naeem m. smuggle 10 kilogram -lrb- 22 pound -rrb- of heroin . 	the defendant smuggle more than 11 kilogram -lrb- 24 pound -rrb- of heroin . 	173
29 people be convict by the quang ninh people 's court of participate in a drug ring that traffic heroin from vietnam to china . 	court official tran dao state the 12 people be among 29 people convict by the quang ninh people 's court of participate in a drug ring that traffic heroin from vietnam to china . 	174
the lawyer of michael karras name s.s. dhillon could not be reach for comment . 	durban port authority and police explosive inspector could not be reach for comment . 	175
the country oppose the weaponization of space and a arm race in space . 	china stress that opposition of weaponization and a arm race in outer space . 	176
france , belgium , germany , sweden , italy and britain provide part and technology for the advanced light helicopter -lrb- alh -rrb- . 	france , belgium , germany , sweden , italy and britain provide part and technology for the advanced light helicopter that india plan to sell to myanmar . 	177
illegal arm trafficking increase in kenya due to easy availability and neighbor conflict . 	illegal arm trafficking have increase in kenya and raise concern about security . 	178
n.r. mohanty state that a agreement have be sign between the defense research and development organisation , hindustan aeronautics limited and the indian air force to upgrade india 's ageing fleet of mig-27 m aircraft . 	mohanty state that the upgrade will be do soon as it have almost be finalise by the defense research and development organisation , hindustan aeronautics limited and the indian air force . 	179
elbaradeus state that a middle east peace deal can only be reach in parallel with a security agreement base on eradicate all weapon of mass destruction from the region . 	elbaradei be quote as say that a peace deal between israel and its arab neighbor must be reach in parallel with a security agreement base on eradicate all weapon of mass destruction from the region . 	180
drug trafficker face the death penalty under tajik law . 	afghan drug trafficker be catch in tajikistan . 	181
international atomic energy association be the unite nation watchdog . 	the international atomic energy agency be the u.n. 's nuclear watchdog . 	182
wen state that the main purpose of the germany visit be to advance trade , economic and technological exchange . 	wen state that the purpose of he visit to germany be to advance trade , economic and technological exchange . 	183
united state official do not know how far north korea 's nuclear weapon program have progress . 	hill be the head american negotiator on north korea 's nuclear weapon program . 	184
7 police officer be kill and 4 officer be wound . 	during the clash 7 seven police officer be kill and 4 seriously wound . 	185
defense chief from estonia , latvia , lithuania , germany , italy , spain and slovakia will sign the agreement to provide staff and funding for the center . 	defense chief from estonia , latvia , lithuania , germany , italy , spain and slovakia sign the agreement . 	186
the bill propose the new law allow the use of space program for defense be already approve by the lower house of japan 's government last week . 	the bill for the new law be already approve by the japanese government 's lower house last week . 	187
van der merwe sentence geige to a total of 13 year imprisonment . 	van der merwe suspend geige ' sentence to 5 year imprisonment . 	188
zahedan be a city in southeastern 	bam be a city in southeastern 	189
president putin state that russia would take countermeasure . 	putin warn that russia would take retaliatory action . 	190
china have so far balk against unite state pressure on china to stop and search north korean ship . 	china have state that the united state pressure on china to stop and search north korean ship could trigger military clash . 	191
brazil 's strategic affair minister roberto mangabeira unger state brazil 's new national defense plan call for establish partnership with country include russia and france to build a state-of-the-art weapon industry . 	unger state brazil 's new national defense plan call for establish partnership with country include russia and france to build a state-of-the-art weapon industry . 	192
the accuse will be charge with international drug trafficking . 	some of the accuse will also be charge with money laundering , tax evasion and corruption . 	193
variant of the advanced light helicopter -lrb- alh -rrb- contain rocket launcher from belgium ; rocket , gun and engine from france ; brake system from italy ; fuel tank and gearbox from britain ; self-protection equipment from a swedish company and have receive crucial design development and engine control manufacture from german company . 	the alh 's arsenal include -- rocket launcher from belgium rocket , gun and engine from france brake system from italy fuel tank and gearbox from britain self-protection equipment from a swedish company . 	194
indian defense ministry have increase spending on defense purchase . 	indian defense ministry have increase defense spending for new purchase by 33 percent . 	195
the iaea report be restricted . 	the killer escape . 	196
the conventional force in europe treaty be sign by russian and nato member in 1990 . 	the conventional force in europe treaty be amend in 1999 . 	197
sheik doon salad ilmi say civilian casualty result from overnight mortar and rocket attack happen every day . 	sheik doon salad ilmi state that civilian casualty result from overnight mortar and rocket attack be admit to the hospital nearly every day . 	198
the south african government maintain very good relation with the united state government . 	the cfe be 1 of several issue negatively impact russia 's relation with the united state and europe . 	199
nuclear weapon system at a high level of readiness increase the risk of those weapon be use include unintentionally with catastrophic consequence . 	the resolution say that the high level of readiness increase the risk of the use of such weapon and that the unintentional or accidental use would have catastrophic consequence . 	200
blix state that it be essential to increase effort to eliminate nuclear arm and weapon of mass destruction . 	blix be visit new zealand and say that it be essential that greater effort be make to eliminate nuclear arm and weapon of mass destruction . 	201
helmand province be the world 's largest producer of opium . 	the areva group be the world 's largest nuclear engineering firm . 	202
the afghanistan-iran border region have be the scene of frequent clash between police and drug smuggler . 	the area near town of mirjaveh have be the scene of frequent conflict between iranian police and drug smuggler . 	203
physicist danilov be convict of sell classify information on space technology to china . 	physicist valentin danilov be find guilty of sell classify information on space technology to china . 	204
myanmar be the world 's largest producer of illegal opium but have limit financial and technical resource for end the drug trade . 	myanmar be the world 's largest producer of illicit opium accord to the latest u.s. state department anti-narcotic report . 	205
the abductee support group hope parliament will change the law soon . 	the abductee support group will use the survey to press parliament to pass new law . 	206
santo state colombian police find the evidence in 2 computer discover with slay rebel leader raul reye . 	francisco santo state that colombian police find the evidence on two computer discover with raul reye . 	207
do quy doan be a spokesman for the vietnamese ministry of culture and information . 	grenell be spokesman for the u.s. mission to the unite nation . 	208
a siemen spokesman in germany state that heinrich von pierer state that siemen be begin talk with interested chinese party about a sale of the plutonium-processing facility . 	a siemen spokesman in germany state that heinrich von pierer state that gerhard schroeder state that gerhard schroeder be not against the sale of the plutonium-processing facility in principle . 	209
vietnam have among the world 's strictest drug law . 	vietnam 's drug law be among the world 's strictest law . 	210
government initiative to disarm have be ineffective . 	governance institution have be ineffective for a long time in somalia . 	211
putin state that the russian government could withdraw from the treaty altogether if western nation refuse to ratify the amend treaty . 	putin state that russia could discard the treaty entirely if western nation refuse to ratify its amend version . 	212
russia ratify the amend version of the treaty . 	russia ratify the amend treaty . 	213
the osce discuss the possible extension of the osce 's mission in kosovo . 	the osce discuss kazakhstan 's bid to hold the osce presidency in 2009 . 	214
elbaradei be the international atomic energy agency chief . 	mohammed elbarade be the international atomic energy agency 's director general . 	215
the nuclear nonproliferation treaty be 37 year old . 	the nuclear nonproliferation treaty be review every 5 year . 	216
chinese foreign ministry spokeswoman jiang yu state that cyber hacking be a global issue . 	chinese foreign ministry spokesman qin gang be ask to respond to cheney 's speech on china 's military development . 	217
the plant will be construct next to a exist plant and be project to be operational in 7 year . 	the plant will be construct next to a exist plant also supply by china and operational since 1999 . 	218
cyber attack be consider a grow threat to military and civilian computer network . 	nato consider cyber attack a grow threat to military and civilian computer network . 	219
if india blame foreign militant it be part of its propaganda to mislead the international community . 	abe urge more assertive foreign policy for japan and the international community . 	220
the riyadh-based naif arab academy for security science say in a statement that it be run a two-week workshop for 50 anti-terrorism expert . 	in a statement naif arab academy for security science announce -- it will sponsor a 2-week workshop for 50 anti-terrorism expert . 	221
88 percent of the liberal democratic party support economic sanction . 	80 percent of the opposition democratic party support economic sanction . 	222
sharia be islamic law . 	iran be a islamic republic . 	223
a number of suspect islamic militant with alleged al-qaida link have be arrest in malaysia and singapore , and official state the militant ' network extend into indonesia . 	suspect islamic militant with alleged al-qaida link have be arrest in malaysia and singapore . 	224
in september 2007 jordan sign a accord with the united state aim at support the peaceful development of the jordan 's nascent nuclear program . 	in september 2007 the united state sign a accord with jordan aim at support the peaceful development of jodran 's new nuclear program . 	225
accord to the statement the rs-24 reinforce the military potential of the strategic force to overcome anti-missile defense system . 	accord to the statement the prototype rs-24 rocket be unlike the topol-m in that it be equip with multiple independently targetable warhead to overwhelm defense system . 	226
naeem m. be hang in zabol , sistan-baluchestan province . 	zahedan be the capital of sistan-baluchestan province . 	227
iran lie on a major drug route between afghanistan and europe and the persian gulf state . 	iran lie on a major drug trafficking route between afghanistan and europe , as well as the persian gulf state . 	228
it will be host by the australian government . 	the u.s. plan have anger the russian government . 	229
the 5 permanent unite nation security council member be britain , china , france , russia and the united state . 	p5 +1 member be britain , china , france , russia , germany and the united state . 	230
in july 2006 jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit state that -- raghdad hussein and family be live under the protection of king abdullah ii . 	jordanian prime minister maaruf bakhit say in july 2006 that raghdad hussein and she family be live under the protection of king abdullah ii after iraq issue its 	231
a siemen spokesman in germany state to the agence france-presse that siemen be confident about the outcome of the talk to sell the plutonium-processing facility . 	a siemen spokesman in germany refrain from comment on the political aspect of the sale of the plutonium-processing facility . 	232
the cyber attack occur after the french president sarkozy 's meeting with the dalai lama anger the chinese government . 	the cyber attack occur after french president nicola sarkozy 's meeting with exile tibetan spiritual leader the dalai lama . 	233
the south african government impose a ban that prohibit the recruitment of people inside or outside of south africa for mercenary or foreign military assistance . 	south africa 's foreign ministry state that south africa 's foreign military assistance act prohibit the recruitment of people inside or outside of south africa for mercenary or foreign military assistance . 	234
ukraine almost have all of the necessary approval to join the european space agency 's program . 	france be a leader in the european space agency . 	235
the north korean government have warn the south korean government against participate in the proliferation security initiative program . 	the north korean government state if the south korean government participate in the proliferation security initiative program it would result in unspecified catastrophic consequence . 	236
china 's council of agriculture open a special office in charge of agricultural technology transfer and intellectual property rights management and consultancy to enhance development of china 's knowledge-based agriculture and application of agricultural technology . 	lee state that the coa have spend the past several year set up relevant mechanism and draft a set of promotional measure to enhance development of china 's knowledge-based agriculture and application of agricultural technology . 	237
iranian parliamentary speaker gholam-ali haddad-adel visit cuba . 	the agreement be sign during iranian majli -lrb- parliament -rrb- speaker gholam-ali haddad-adel 's visit to cuba . 	238
tibet suspect chinese government of create the virus to spy on tibetan exile and the dalai lama . 	tibet suspect chinese government of launch the attack . 	239
chinese authority be not immediately available for comment . 	godzhayev and godzhayev 's lawyer be not immediately available to comment . 	240
the european union and the united state have freeze al-qadi 's asset . 	the western government include the united state and france . 	241
the chinese government have strengthen china 's anti-proliferation capacity in recent year . 	the chinese government have strictly censor china 's chemical import and export accord to the law in recent year . 	242
a group represent mainly white south african call afriforum state it would organize protest along the route to zimbabwe . 	afriforum state that the group would organize protest along the route to zimbabwe . 	243
putin announce that the cfe treaty do not duly protect russia 's security interest . 	the cfe treaty do not duly protect the russian federation 's security interest . 	244
ahmad be fight extradition to the united state and lodge a formal complaint allege that british police concoct intelligence report to implicate ahmad in terror activity and desecrate the koran . 	ahmad lodge a formal complaint with the independent police complaint commission allege that british police concoct intelligence report to implicate ahmad in terror activity and desecrate ahmad 's copy of the islamic holy book the koran by put the koran on the floor during a search of ahmad 's home . 	245
russia have ratify the amend version but the united state and other nato member have refuse to do so until the russian government withdraw troops from the former soviet republic of moldova and georgia . 	the united state and other nato member have refuse to ratify the amend version until russia withdraw troops from former soviet republic moldova and georgia . 	246
the part of the purpose of the united state plan be to increase pressure on north korea . 	the united state and the ally of the united state believe iran be pursue nuclear arm . 	247
tskhinvali be the capital of georgia . 	paris be the capital of france . 	248
a indian government official state that india do not attach much credence to report by amnesty international . 	one indian government official who study the blueprint state the science be old and dated but still functional . 	249
china 's cabinet the state council announce that it will amend regulation on `` dual-use '' nuclear technology to prevent nuclear terrorism . 	amend regulation on dual-use nuclear technology will prevent nuclear terrorism . 	250
japanese prime minister junichiro koizumus say the shift of the rod be proactive . 	in 2002 japanese prime minister junichiro koizumi attend a summit in north korea with north korean leader kim jong il . 	251
the opposition japanese communist party be against the new law and fear it would lead to a stronger military . 	the opposition japanese communist party be against the bill propose the new law . 	252
some asean official state such standardization would be difficult due to different country ' political system . 	some official state the task would be difficult for asean member because of varied legal and political system . 	253
iraq have be lobby for the security council to stop use the country 's oil revenue to pay compensation to victim of the 1991 gulf war and the salary of the unite nation monitor , verification and inspection commission inspector and to have all money remain in the united nation 's oil-for-food account transfer to the government 's development fund . 	iraq 's new leader have be lobby for the unite nation security council to stop use the iraq 's oil revenue to pay the salary of the inspector and to have all money remain in the united nation 's oil-for-food account transfer to the iraqi government . 	254
a key european arm control treaty must be maintain . 	the cfe treaty be a key european arm control treaty . 	255
the golden triangle region be 1 of the world 's biggest producer of opium . 	helmand province be the world 's largest producer of opium . 	256
the united state dismiss the action as nuclear blackmail . 	the united state say it would stand up to nuclear blackmail and have rule out negotiation . 	257
the meeting be 3 day long . 	the meeting last 2 day . 	258
the minister from china , lao , india , myanmar and thailand will also address crop substitution initiative for impoverished ethnic minority who still rely on opium cultivation . 	the minister from china , lao , india , myanmar and thailand will discuss how to find market for goods produce under crop substitution and other related program such as eco-tourism and handicraft manufacturing . 	259
china be a nuclear power and member of the u.n. security council . 	china be a permanent member of the un security 	260
north korean official be suspect of building nuclear weapon . 	north korea be currently in the process of dismantle its nuclear weapon program . 	261
australian television reporter peter lloyd face 3 new drug charge in singapore . 	accord to court document -- on 25 july australian television reporter peter lloyd face 3 new drug charge in singapore . 	262
president vladimir putin sign a decree suspend russia 's participation in the conventional force in europe treaty . 	russian president vladimir putin sign a decree suspend russia 's participation in the conventional force in europe treaty due to circumstance that affect the security of the russian federation and require immediate measure . 	263
the extradition condition stipulate that the tunisian can only be prosecute for the single charge of falsify document that italian authority can provide sufficient evidence to prosecute . 	spokesman for the swiss justice ministry folco gallus state that the extradition condition stipulate that mejrus can only be prosecute on a single charge of falsify document for which italian authority could provide sufficient evidence to prosecute . 	264
the attack be believe to have come from russian administration ip address in response to the relocation of a soviet statue in estonia . 	the attack occur after a dispute between the government of russia and estonia over the relocation of a soviet war memorial . 	265
india and pakistan remain outside the treaty . 	israel remain outside the treaty . 	266
china be a member of the ballistic missile club . 	russia be a member of the quartet on the middle east . 	267
russia may pull out of the treaty if the we and other nato ally refuse to ratify the amend version . 	warn that russia would withdraw from the treaty if western nation refuse to ratify its amend version . 	268
this be particularly true in the poorest country . 	this be particularly after ethiopia withdraw its force . 	269
iran have noticeably increase the number of execution in recent month as official enforce a campaign aim at promote virtue and boost security in 	iranian official have increase execution in 2007 as official enforce a campaign purportedly aim at promote virtue and boost security in society . 	270
a statement issue by the official spa news agency state that -- al-dosari be convict of drug trafficking . 	the rapist be identify as hossein safarlou and have also be convict of drug trafficking . 	271
both tajikistan and uzbekistan share a border with afghanistan and have experience raid by taliban-backed islamic militant in recent year . 	neighbor kyrgyzstan have also experienced raid by taliban-backed islamic militant in recent year . 	272
russia say the system be a clear threat to russian security . 	it be a serious threat to international security . 	273
the gang engage in illegal activity include racketeering , blackmail , arm smuggling , cigarette smuggling and money laundering and allegedly use proceeds to fund terrorist group in chechnya . 	the dans state the gang engage in illegal activity include racketeering , blackmail , arm smuggling , cigarette smuggling and money laundering . 	274
at the state scientific center of apply microbiology there be every kind of deadly bacterium that be study for use in the secret biological weapon program of the soviet union . 	the state scientific center of apply microbiology have be work with western scientist to convert the complex into a biomedical manufacturing site . 	275
the international atomic energy agency have no access to people , document , site . 	the international atomic energy agency be base in 	276
the book state that the drug convey a completely positive image . 	the official state that this be a complete technology transfer . 	277
40 inmate be serve sentence for murder . 	105 inmate be serve sentence for drug trafficking . 	278
russia be fulfil obligation and decrease force . 	russia 's suspension of obligation under the cfe treaty be temporary . 	279
executive director of the arm control association in washington daryl kimball state that -- the iaea report be 1 in a series of bad sign . 	executive director of the arm control association in washington daryl kimball state the israeli document could affect the debate over india . 	280
the cfe be 1 of several issue negatively impact russia 's relation with the united state and europe . 	the treaty be one of several issue cause tense relation between the government of russia and the u.s. and europe . 	281
korobeynichev 's laboratory work with the u.s. lawrence livermore national laboratory . 	korobeynichev 's laboratory work with other scientific institutes . 	282
lugar and nunn be senator . 	lugar and nunn award the prime minister a medal . 	283
official state that decision about the treaty will depend on u.s. action on its plan to deploy missile defense system in poland and the czech republic . 	russian military official state the decision would depend on whether the united state proceed with its plan to deploy missile defense component in poland and the czech republic . 	284
signing of the agreement be a peripheral issue of the meeting of chief of defense staff from the 26 ally country of nato . 	the agreement be sign during a regular meeting of chief of defense staff from the 26 nato ally . 	285
in early may 2002 official from the philippine , malaysia and indonesia sign a anti-terrorism agreement to share airline passenger list and other intelligence . 	in early may 2002 the philippine , malaysia and indonesia sign a agreement to share terrorism intelligence . 	286
after the first meeting between leader of the european union and leader from albania , bosnia and herzegowina , croatia , macedonia and serbia and montenegro , leader from the western balkan country pledge to diminish organized crime and corruption in the balkan to meet requirement of european union membership . 	leader from albania , bosnia and herzegowina , croatia , macedonia and serbia and montenegro meet for the first time with european union leader to pursue join the european union . 	287
the resolution require all 192 unite nation member state to adopt law to prevent terrorist , black marketeer and other non-state actor from manufacturing , acquire or trafficking in nuclear , biological or chemical weapon or the material to make they . 	resolution 1540 require all country to adopt law to prevent non-state actor from manufacturing , acquire or trafficking in nuclear , biological or chemical weapon , the material to make they , and the missile and other system to deliver they . 	288
the international atomic energy association state that jordan have agree to the additional measure . 	international atomic energy association be the unite nation watchdog . 	289
there be much concern over the drug . 	there be much work to be do . 	290
the amnesty international report suggest that -- belgium begin immediate talk with india to prevent future sale of the alh , component or military technology to myanmar . 	the report urge belgium to begin immediate talk with india in order to prevent future weapon sale to myanmar . 	291
capital offens in iran include murder , rape , armed robbery , apostasy , blasphemy , serious drug trafficking , repeat sodomy , adultery , prostitution , treason and espionage . 	capital offens in iran include murder , rape , armed robbery , serious drug trafficking and adultery . 	292
saudi arabia be a absolute monarchy that have take step towards reform . 	saudi arabia be a absolute monarchy and have a consultative council appoint by the government . 	293
the spokesman say there will be a exchange of opinion on topical international and regional matter base on a joint working relationship at the heart of the u.n. kamynin say russia recognize the participation of libya in the work of the u.n. security council . 	kamynin say there will be a exchange of opinion on topical international and regional matter base on a joint working relationship at the heart of the un . 	294
shalgam 's visit to london be the first by a libyan foreign minister since 1969 . 	a visit to libya by the russian foreign minister be announce . 	295
indian and pakistani government nearly engage in a fourth conflict in 1999 . 	indian and pakistani government each conduct nuclear test in may 1998 . 	296
iguaran state that the detainee will be accuse of homicide , criminal collaboration , kidnapping and the funding of terrorism . 	iguaran state that the detainee be also involve in the murder of police member of a anti-kidnapping group . 	297
3 suspect extremist be release on bail . 	1 suspect extremist be provisionally release without bail . 	298
6 czech hospital employee be charge with human organ trafficking . 	the accuse will be charge with international drug trafficking . 	299
this further aggravate the situation . 	north korea should not act further to aggravate the situation . 	300
