Global online #education is a key to democratizing access to learning and overcoming societal ills such as poverty - 	Op-Ed Columnist : Revolution Hits the Universities 	1
Hollywood Accepts Chinese Censorship -LRB- Will Movies Get Any Better ? -RRB- 	In Hollywood Movies for China , Bureaucrats Want a Say 	2
#Bloomberg : Assault weapon ban tough sell Pub . enemies 1 and 2 according to minor mayor : Big Gulps and #guns . #ocra 	Bloomberg : Assault weapons ban is tough sell 	3
Car bomb detonates outside #Afghan intelligence agency ; casualty toll unclear . 	Powerful Car Bomb Explodes Outside Afghan Intelligence Agency 	4
What 's in Feinstein 's gun bill - #tgdn #pjnet 	What 's in Feinstein 's bill ? 	5
Linda Greenhouse : Roe v. Wade was abt drs facing prosecution for acting in what they saw as patients ' best interests 	Opinionator : Misconceptions About Roe v. Wade 	6
Special measures for Beijing polution : 	Smog cloud blankets Beijing 	7
SYNTHAX_tERROR 2 : : `` American Taliban '' John Walker Lindh wins case over Muslim group prayer in prison 	` American Taliban ' wins right to group prayer 	8
The questions Oprah should 've asked Lance Amstrong 	Hard Questions for Lance Armstrong 	9
Cc '' : At least 90 killed in Brazil nightclub fire '' 	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	10
Not a tear here : Red Brigades jagoff dies , year older than me , fuck him : 	Prospero Gallinari , a Terrorist , Is Dead at 62 	11
so many places to go ... 	The 46 Places to Go in 2013 	12
As #California Bounces Back , Governor Calls For Lofty Goals 	With California Rebounding , Governor Pushes Big Projects 	13
NYTimes : #Leishmaniasis : A #Genetic Link Found in Far-Flung Victims of a Lethal Form of a Parasitic Disease 	Global Update : A Genetic Link Found for Victims of Lethal Form of Leishmaniasis 	14
Jesus ... At least 245 dead as fire sweeps through nightclub in Brazil . 	Scores Dead as Fire Sweeps Through Nightclub in Brazil 	15
So the company mad , is n't this what most companies are doing ? 	U.S. man outsources job to China , surfs cat videos 	16
Taking Aim #Stopgunviolence #Congress #NRA 	Obama , Gun Policy and the N.R.A. 	17
#NRA releases target shooting app , hmm wait a sec . . 	NRA draws heat for shooting game 	18
Broken limbs , torn lives in northern #Mali #Africa #conflict #humanrights 	Broken limbs , torn lives in Mali 	19
slams guest over AR-15s 	Piers , guest clash over AR-15s 	20
A truckload of flaming brown cheese closed a road tunnel in Arctic Norway for the last six days . 	World Briefing | Europe : Norway : Cheese Fire Shuts Tunnel 	21
Sex abuse common , but so is our inability to face road range of behaviors common to humans A Pedophile in Plain Sight 	Opinion : At Poly Prep , a Pedophile in Plain Sight 	22
Death toll climbs to 220 in #Brazil nightclub fire , official says . 	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	23
-LRB- I love him !!!! -RRB- 10 reasons we ca n't get enough Gosling - 	Why we ca n't get enough Gosling -LRB- Duh ! -RRB- 	24
U.S. withdrawal is ` tough love ' for Afghans 	U.S. ` tough love ' for Afghan troops 	25
NYTimes : Andrew Revkin on next steps for China in cleaning up pollution . 	Charting a Post-Pollution Path for Cities - From London , 1952 , through Beijing , 2013 	26
Justice Clarence Thomas Breaks His SilenceTELL THE JUSTICE THAT COURTESY WILL NOT PROTECT CITIZENS RIGHTS.GET WITH IT ! 	Justice Thomas Breaks His Silence in Court 	27
NATO : Missile battery opens on Syrian border this could set forth an unwanted chain of events here . 	NATO : Patriot missile battery operational on Syrian border 	28
What 's wrong with the Boeing Dreamliner ? '' . Airlines must be SO happy ! 	What 's wrong with the Dreamliner ? 	29
Hopefully not together '' : Richard Pryor & Dick Cheney Focus of Showtime Documentaries '' 	Richard Pryor and Dick Cheney Focus of Showtime Documentaries 	30
We will pass a milestone this year : the majority of the fish we eat will be farm-raised rather than wild 	A Milestone Looms for Farm-Raised Fish 	31
Design , design , design . ? We?re on the tail end of technology being special , ? says John Maeda . 	Disruptions : Disruptions : Design Is Driving Technology Forward 	32
Interesting article on the CNN homepage . `` Mickleson has a point on taxes . '' 	Mickelson has a point on taxes 	33
Pictures of the Day : Pakistan , Syria , Indonesia , Germany , Phillipines and Mali . 	Pictures of the Day : Pakistan and Elsewhere 	34
How #Vine video may change Twitter #in 	6 ways Vine 's six seconds may change Twitter 	35
+1 MT ? `` I loathe writing with . . a kind of phobia . . only a sort of perverse masochism keeps me at it '' Styron 	? Selected Letters of William Styron ? 	36
SPORT : MT Lance Armstrong confesses to doping . Next step ? Testifying against the higher-ups in cycling . 	Armstrong Admits Doping , and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials 	37
Bloomberg chips in a billion 	Bloomberg gives $ 1.1 B to university 	38
U.S. government-supported rescue mission of French hostage in Somalia failed . 	U.S. supported France 's failed hostage rescue in Somalia 	39
NYTimes : Is Delhi So Different From Steubenville , USA ? 	Op-Ed Columnist : Is Delhi So Different From Steubenville ? 	40
Cardinal Mahony , abuser of liturgies and shielder of child abusers . So sad and frustrating . 	Mahony Shielded Abusive Priests , Documents Show 	41
`` Tennis : Djokovic claims Aussie triumph ZmerchNews dot Com '' 	Djokovic : 3 Aussie wins in a row 	42
Man Crapping Killed in Fall Between Subway Cars 	Train Kills Man in 125th Street Subway Station 	43
#US details help in failed #hostage rescue . #Somalia #France 	U.S. supported France 's failed hostage rescue in Somalia 	44
Microsoft 's Windows 8 sales are OK , not great CNNMoney 	Microsoft 's Windows 8 sales are big -- just not big enough 	45
Internet Activist #AaronSwartz , Creator of #RSS , Is Dead at 26 - Suicide . Was the pressure of pending lawsuits too much ? 	Aaron Swartz , Internet Activist , Dies at 26 	46
The truth about publicity ... Bad publicity does exist . #pr #media 	Maybe There Is Such a Thing as Bad Publicity 	47
#Revolution Hits the #Universities by #distance #education #sustainability 	Op-Ed Columnist : Revolution Hits the Universities 	48
VICKI HUDDLESTON : Why We Must Help #Save #Mali 	Op-Ed Contributor : Why We Must Help Save Mali 	49
This is a weird article . `` Ray Kurzweil Says We 're Going to Live Forever '' 	Talk : Ray Kurzweil Says We?re Going to Live Forever 	50
Daannngg ! ? : Lance Armstrong tells Oprah he couldn?t have won 7 Tour de France titles without doping ? 	Armstrong stripped of Olympic medal 	51
Apple makes a $ 13.1 billion profit , sells 28 % more iPhones and 48 % more iPads . Stock dips 11 % 	Apple?s Profits Are Flat , and Stock Drops 	52
When does life begin ? Catholic hospital argues that an embryo is not a person . 	Catholic hospital 's lawyers argue fetus not a person 	53
Two years after the Egyptian Revolution ... U.S gets it wrong on Egypt again - 	Opinion : U.S gets it wrong on Egypt , again 	54
After Armstrong Admits Doping 2 Oprah years 2 late , he now says He Will Testify Against alleged Doping Officials 	Armstrong Admits Doping , and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials 	55
Wait , bribing kids is bad ? #notmomoftheyearafterall 	This Life : Modifying a Child?s Behavior Without Resorting to Bribes ? This Life 	56
#Disney 's new #videogame , via NYTimes : Video Game Combines the Worlds of Disney 	Media Decoder Blog : New Video Game Features Disney and Pixar Mash-Ups 	57
In the Gowanus Canal , a dolphin 	Dolphin Swimming in Gowanus Canal 	58
Senator Schumer Says He?s Satisfied With Chuck Hagel on the Mideast . His endorsement should settle that issue . 	Schumer Says He?s Satisfied With Hagel on Mideast 	59
Producer of popular gun-related videos shot . Every gun death is a tragedy . 	Producer of popular gun-related videos found fatally shot 	60
interesting and sensible 	Opinionator : Back When I Was Packing 	61
Sign of inaccessible , culturally incompetent mainstream care ? As ? Bodega Clinicas ? Fill Void , Health Officials Are Torn 	? Bodega Clinicas ? Draw Interest of Health Officials 	62
Rome 's colorful Colosseum 	Rome 's Colosseum gives up secrets 	63
'' : Samsung profit at record $ 6.6 billion '' 	Samsung profit soars to $ 6.6 B record 	64
Spanish police seize items intended for Iran . Qu ? mal rollo ... 	Spanish police say seized items intended for Iran nuclear program 	65
This is a pretty amazing read . #howstuffworks NYTimes : Coins , Bills and the National Debt 	Economix Blog : Bruce Bartlett : Accounting for a $ 1 Trillion Platinum Coin 	66
Fitness Center in a #Hotel Room 	Urban Athlete : A Hotel Room Workout From Nicole Glor 	67
I 'm surprised by the lack of coverage of the N Ireland riots . 	Police deploy water cannon at Northern Ireland riot 	68
Saudis defend #SriLankan maid 's #execution 	Saudis defend maid 's beheading 	69
The worst kind of poor flying judgement . Stunt plane barely missing two people prompts FAA probe . 	Video of stunt plane barely missing two people prompts FAA probe 	70
on Hillary Clinton 's FP approach 	IHT Rendezvous : The Clinton Doctrine of American Foreign Policy 	71
An Insider Returns to Politics in Italy #memofromrome #politics 	Berlusconi Stirs Up Elections in Italy 	72
Sign of the #apocalypse : Voice of Charlie Brown arrested , charged . ? 	Good grief ! Charlie Brown actor charged 	73
A really nicely written story : In the Subways , a Voice to Stir the Soul 	In the Subways , Geechee Dan?s Voice Stirs the Soul 	74
CES keynote : Young people today are ` born #mobile ' #hitech 	CES : Young people are ` born mobile ' 	75
What prevents people from being able to die at home is not their medical needs , but the needs of their #caregiver #hpm 	The New Old Age Blog : What You Need to Bring Your Loved One Home to Die 	76
U.S. Warplanes Enter Somalia Airspace MR. POTUS ; WRITE ANOTHER LETTER&TELL FRENCH WE 'RE NOT IN THE MOOD FOR THEIR MESS . 	U.S. Warplanes Enter Somali Airspace 	77
Climate Change at CNN : Next step : Obama 's State of the Union speech on February 12 ... 	Climate change activists to Obama : Steer clear of Congress 	78
RSS and Reddit co-developper Aaron Swartz commits suicide 	Online activist Aaron Swartz commits suicide 	79
Charlie Brown voice actor charged 	Good grief ! Charlie Brown actor charged 	80
NJFF is showing this film on Jan 26 at Rutgers University : 	Our Generation : ? Set for Life ? Documents Crisis Among Baby Boomers 	81
Dreamliner having fitful rollout . How tough is this for Boeing ? 	Deepening Crisis for the Dreamliner 	82
What We Do n't Know Is Killing Us The gun industry ca n't handle the truth . 	Editorial : What We Don?t Know Is Killing Us 	83
India Ink : Woman Raped by Seven Men in Punjab , Police Say : Police said Sunday that a 29-year-old woman had been ... 	India Ink : Woman Raped by Seven Men in Punjab , India , Police Say 	84
#Photos : #KimJongUn and his army forces 	Photos : Kim Jong Un and his military 	85
Indonesian official : Rape victims enjoy it Oh hell no they do n't 	Would-be judge suggests women enjoy rape 	86
So wait , you think I want to search #Facebook , and use Bing as the back up ? ha . 	Bits Blog : Facebook Unveils a New Search Tool 	87
ICYMI , Facebook unveiled a new search tool today : `` Graph Searchl '' 	Bits Blog : Facebook Unveils a New Search Tool 	88
`` humanitarian emergency . `` declared by Aid groups in Syria '' 	` Humanitarian emergency ' in Syria 	89
President ? If she wants it 	President Hillary Clinton ? If she wants it 	90
They deserve such unkind words . 	Kenyan rangers hunt poachers who killed 11 elephants for ivory 	91
A great piece in the NYT mag on story , lit , and media . 	Riff : Once Upon a Time , There Was a Person Who Said , ? Once Upon a Time ? 	92
Review : Facebook 's Graph Search not v. useful - CNN `` only two of my 526 friends like cats '' ... say no more 	Review : Facebook 's Graph Search is not very useful 	93
Ukraine signs shale gas drilling deal with #Shell at #Davos #energy #marketentry 	Ukraine Signs Drilling Deal With Shell for Shale Gas 	94
By the numbers : Women in the U.S. military nah not good idea 	By numbers : Women in U.S. military 	95
Try something new on your next vacation . 	Exotic culinary tours around the world 	96
'' : Britney Spears calls off engagement '' loool CNN reports this ? Where is this world going ? 	Britney Spears , Jason Trawick call off engagement 	97
Pooping Man Killed in Fall Between Subway Cars 	Train Kills Man in 125th Street Subway Station 	98
Thank goodness . ? : Man charged with murder in Philadelphia doctor 's death . ? 	Man charged with murder in doctor 's death , source says 	99
Teen murdered in West Bank by Israeli military occupation force , activists say - 	Teen shot in West Bank by Israeli military , activists say 	100
live to eat or eat to live ? I take the former . 	Big City : New Generation Confronts Unaffordable Luxury of Food 	101
Boosting Your #Flu Shot Response With #Exercise 	Exercise Can Boost Flu Shot 's Potency 	102
Smartphones are lifes remote control - 	Smartphones Can Now Run Consumers ? Lives 	103
Er diab ... '' : At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire '' 	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	104
2013 Oscar nominations : Who got 	2013 Oscar nods : Who got snubbed ? 	105
NYT reports on my intvu with Ehud Barak , links to Daily Beast #wef #israel #iran #nukes #war 	Defense Official Hints That Israel Is Stepping Back From Plans to Unilaterally Attack Iran 	106
Convicted in Thailand of * implying * an insult to the king . ? There was no mention of the king?s name in the speech . ? 	In Thailand , a Broader Definition of Insulting Royalty 	107
`` Escape from La Crosse '' The Preppers Next Door 	The Doomsday Preppers of New York 	108
Can Oprah save Lance Armstrong ? She 's not convinced #Doprah 	Can even Oprah save Lance Armstrong ? 	109
Notre Dame linebacker victim of a Catfish type hoax ? 	Notre Dame linebacker says he is victim of hoax 	110
Morning athletic inspiration -LRB- let everyone compete ! -RRB- : Forging Path to Starting Line for Younger Disabled Athletes #NYT 	Disabled Athletes Suit Up , Raising Questions of Logistics and Fairness 	111
Michael R. Bloomberg credits #JohnsHopkinsUniversity for turning him into a leader 	At $ 1.1 Billion , Bloomberg Is Top University Donor in U.S. 	112
This is ludicrous . Sheriff : I wo n't enforce Obama 's gun laws . Really ? 	Sheriff wo n't enforce ` unconstitutional ' gun laws 	113
Man outsources own job to China 	U.S. man outsources job to China , surfs cat videos 	114
Morsi?s Slurs Against Jews in 2010 Uncovered 	Morsi?s Slurs Against Jews Stir Concern 	115
thins just do n't add up just when North Korea successfully lunched a rocket now America allows this . Or am I. . . 	How America 's top general came to endorse women in combat 	116
you are an #inspiration ! #Keepfighting 	The front lines in fight for women 	117
Study : College-educated weathered downturn best : 	Study Shows College Degree?s Value During Economic Downturn 	118
sadness . '' : Dolphin stuck in polluted NYC canal dies . '' 	Dolphin stuck in New York canal dies 	119
`` Errors may have exposed veterans to viruses '' Uh oh ... 	Insulin injection errors may have exposed veterans to viruses 	120
Today I learned `` Currently , there is no federal law that defines gun trafficking as a crime . '' I am at a loss for words . 	Senator Unveils Bill to Limit Semiautomatic Arms 	121
President Obama turning to Ex-Prosecutor Mary Jo White to Be Securities and Exchange Commission -LRB- S.E.C. -RRB- Boss 	Mary Jo White to Be Named New S.E.C. Boss 	122
Wow . A brief but eye-opening piece in the : A Pedophile in Plain Sight 	Opinion : At Poly Prep , a Pedophile in Plain Sight 	123
Good read ... Why the Net grieves Aaron Swartz - 	Why world grieves Aaron Swartz 	124
Finally Armstrong Admits Doping , and Says He Will Testify 	Armstrong Admits Doping , and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials 	125
Great informative article that shows PepsiCo 's cooperation with resolving this health issue and placing consumers first 	Gatorade Listens to a Teen And Changes Its Formula 	126
How the US has changed in my lifetime : 	From Reagan to Obama , how we have changed as a nation 	127
The New York Times : Chinese Firm Buys U.S. Solar Start-Up 	Chinese Firm Buys an American Solar Technology Start-Up 	128
In France , Protesters rally against allowing same-sex marriage 	French rally : No to same-sex marriage 	129
FOLLOW THE DINERO : Cuomo Raises $ 22.5 Million for Re-election Bid 	Cuomo Raises Nearly $ 22.5 Million for Re-election Campaign 	130
China is investing in #education - #highered #edpolicy 	Next Made-in-China Boom : College Graduates 	131
Can Livestrong survive Lance Armstrong doping admission ? 	Livestrong has life after Lance 	132
Build a fence around your good health ! Your top flu questions answered . 	Your top 10 flu questions answered 	133
Johnson & Johnson Aware of 40 % Failure in Hip Implant #hipimplant 	Maker Aware of 40 % Failure in Hip Implant 	134
` Is there a worse way to live ? ' -LRB- cc : -RRB- #JIDF 	` Is there a worse way to live than this ? ' 	135
Gun violence is absolute a #publichealth issue . Good work , on your gun reform for a generation #itsastart 	Editorial : President Obama?s Plan for Gun Reform 	136
AZ Gov Jan Brewer changes her mind and will expand Medicaid : #Medicaid 	National Briefing | Southwest : Arizona : Governor Relents on Medicaid 	137
Worth reading for the column excerpts : Pauline Phillips , Dear Abby , Dies at 94 	Pauline Phillips , Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby , Dies at 94 	138
#Myanmar s Fight With Armed #Rebels Edges Toward China #burma #kachin 	Myanmar Fighting Edges Toward China 	139
Truly a sad day . At least 90 killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	140
US inadvertently trained rebels : French Strikes in Mali Supplant Caution of U.S. 	French Jets Strike Deep Inside Islamist-Held Mali 	141
Calorie bomb on the menu will make eaters feel guilt after finish those meals 	9 calorie bombs at restaurants 	142
Facebook was the most popular mobile app in the United States in 2012 	Facebook 's mobile app takes top spot 	143
An Alarm in the Offing on #ClimateChange #ExtremeWeather #globalwarming #eco 	An Alarm in the Offing on Climate Change 	144
Syria : Deadly airstrikes in Damascus 	Syria Launches Deadly Airstrikes in Damascus Suburbs 	145
Two of our favorite partners , and , have teamed to bring more music to your commute . 	Ford Announces In-Car Voice Commands for Amazon 's Cloud Music 	146
Amazing , you can play violent shooting games & nobody says anything but the NRA draws heat over new target-shooting game 	NRA draws heat for shooting game 	147
Worth Watching . `` Set for Life '' Documenting a Generation?s Fall . #work #unemployment #babyboomer 	Our Generation : ? Set for Life ? Documents Crisis Among Baby Boomers 	148
Dreamliner fix : ` It 's not easy ' - this a big mess that is not easy . 	787 Dreamliner fix : ` It 's not easy ' 	149
NYT Editorial : What We Do n't Know Is Killing Us #research #guns #violence 	Editorial : What We Don?t Know Is Killing Us 	150
Think so ? They do n't think so ! 	President Hillary Clinton ? If she wants it 	151
Pulitzer-winning poet Tracy K. Smith 's Sunday routine : 	Poetry , Puppets and Playgrounds 	152
Position `` eliminated '' . Hmm . I read `` exterminated '' . Times Executive Is Leaving 	Times Communications Executive Is Leaving 	153
Mr. Drummond , yep ... showing my age : Conrad Bain , Father on ? Diff?rent Strokes ? , Dies at 89 	Conrad Bain , Actor on ? Diff?rent Strokes , ? Dies at 89 	154
Saudi Arabia defends maid 's execution 	Saudis defend maid 's beheading 	155
`` Facebook has a lot of data , but it?s very noisy data . '' 	Fortunes of Facebook May Hinge on Searches 	156
CNN Recent nightclub tragedies : On Saturday , a massive fire at the Kiss nightclub in southern Brazil killed at l. . . 	Deadly blazes : Nightclub tragedies in recent history 	157
North Korea sendin them threats again 	North Korea Issues Blunt New Threat to United States 	158
We 're all human , No MORE DEATH Please ! Another Tibetan sets himself on fire , dies to protest Chinese rule 	Tibetan sets himself on fire to protest Chinese rule 	159
Coca-Cola joining the fight on obesity 	Coca-Cola weighs in on obesity fight 	160
Prayers for Burt Reynolds 	Burt Reynolds ` feeling better ' but still in ICU , rep says 	161
` Taliban ' is plural , but that is apparently too esoteric for CNN or any other journalists : . 	` American Taliban ' wins right to group prayer 	162
Saudi activists say they wo n't be silenced ~ ~ I hope they find a way to get their rights peacefully ! 	Saudi activists say kingdom trying to silence them 	163
When doctors do n't listen what can you do ? 	What to do when doctors do n't listen 	164
Jodie Foster would care more about Syria Launching Deadly Airstrikes in Damascus Suburbs 	Syria Launches Deadly Airstrikes in Damascus Suburbs 	165
Bending the Steakhouse Rules #food #eatingout 	Restaurant Review : Arlington Club on the Upper East Side 	166
Excellent step with tricky legal issues.New York Lawmakers Reach Deal on New Gun Curbs #law #cdnpoli 	New York Legislators Hope for Speedy Vote on New Gun Laws 	167
` Anonymous ' threatens Justice Dept. ` Anonymous ' threatens Justice Dept 	Hacktivist group threatens Justice Department 	168
At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire , such a shame 	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	169
Internet addiction of the day : ` What Happens When You Cast Lindsay Lohan in Your Movie ' 	Here Is What Happens When You Cast Lindsay Lohan in Your Movie 	170
Great piece by in NYT showing China too has what McKinsey sees as a global education-to-work problem : 	Chinese Graduates Say No Thanks to Factory Jobs 	171
On the virtues of procrastination : This Was Supposed to Be My Column for New Year?s Day 	Findings : Positive Procrastination , Not an Oxymoron 	172
France : We 're not the pacifists you think we are - Mali 	Why France is not pacifist nation 	173
The Bizarre World of Online Relationships : Image of Manti Te'o Becomes a Puzzle as Theories Swirl 	Image of Manti Te?o Becomes Puzzle as Theories Swirl 	174
Washington 's Economic Boom , Financed by You Real life `` Hunger Games '' 	Washington?s Economic Boom , Financed by You 	175
Finally confirmed - chapped lips are the first sign you?ve got Mad Cow disease . 	Opinion : Hypochondria : An Inside Look 	176
Swatch plays a big hand on $ 1B Harry Winston acqusition get it , big hand ... #iexplainmyjokes 	Swatch to Buy Watch and Jewelry Business of Harry Winston for $ 750 Million 	177
States get extension on #healthexchange timetable : : States Get Extra Time to Set Up Exchanges #ACA #HCR 	States Will Be Given Extra Time to Set Up Health Insurance Exchanges 	178
`` Live by the sword ... '' Sad and ironic . Producer of popular gun-related videos shot 	Producer of popular gun-related videos found fatally shot 	179
Kobe Bryant , wife to call off divorce yaayy ! lol . 	Kobe Bryant and wife call off divorce 	180
Excellent !? : #Obama accelerating troops withdrawal from #Afghanistan , several months ahead of schedule : ? 	Obama , Karzai to speed military transition 	181
obit : Vincent Sombrotto , leader of 1970 strike that shut post offices across country 'til Nixon sent the National Guard 	Vincent Sombrotto , Who Led Postal Strike , Dies at 89 	182
So heartbreaking `` : At least 90 killed in Brazilian nightclub fire , officials say . '' 	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	183
More reason to review a more progressive pro-domestic tax structure `` America 's Productivity Climbs , but Wages Stagnate '' 	News Analysis : America?s Productivity Climbs , but Wages Stagnate 	184
This is interesting : `` What We Do n't Know Is Killing Us '' . 	Editorial : What We Don?t Know Is Killing Us 	185
When i first saw this sing guy on the subway , i thought he needed an article . And NYT has delivered ! 	In the Subways , Geechee Dan?s Voice Stirs the Soul 	186
Germany to Move 674 Tons of Gold from Downtown Manhattan to Frankfurt . . 	Germany to Repatriate Some of Its Gold Reserves 	187
This just warmed my heart : Ada Bryant and Robert Haire 	Ada Bryant , Robert Haire ? Weddings 	188
#New York City Ties #Doctors ? #Income to #Quality of #Care 	New York City Hospitals to Tie Doctors ? Performance Pay to Quality Measures 	189
NY Times : Dot Earth Blog : Is ` Wild West ' Era for Fracking Coming to an End ? 	Is ` Wild West ' Era for Gas Drilling Coming to an End ? 	190
Children handcuffed 4 violating dress code ! #MS fills #school 2prison pipeline reports grantee . 	Report Criticizes School Discipline Measures Used in Mississippi 	191
Congratulations to #Fruitvale and #BloodBrother ! Sounds like #Sundance had some powerful films this year . 	The Carpetbagger : ` Fruitvale , ' Drama With Little Advance Buzz , Wins at Sundance 	192
Sleep , perchance to dream And our memories not unseem MT : Brain ageing & Sleep-Related Memory Decline '' 	Brain Aging Linked to Sleep-Related Memory Decline 	193
My PBK membership , finally explained . Parents ? Financial Support May Not Help College Grades : 	Parents ? Financial Support Linked to College Grades 	194
Tennis : Sharapova takes on boys 	Sharapova takes on Australian boys 	195
FDA may find that poop is a drug . NYTimes : When Pills Fail , This , er , Option Provides a Cure 	Disgusting , Maybe , but Treatment Works , Study Finds 	196
Only great things can happen at the cheese monger : In the Dairy Case , Ripe Prose 	Creative Cheesemongers Pen Clever Descriptions 	197
Peter Likes : DealBook : Dell Shares Rise on News Company May Go Private 	DealBook : Dell Shares Surge After Report of Possible Buyout 	198
Kaepernick Backs Harbaugh 's Gamble With Playoff Win 	Kaepernick Responds to Harbaugh?s Gamble With Resounding Performance 	199
Republican Governors Open New Front in #Tax Debate Offering Bold #Solutions ! 	The Caucus : Republican Governors Open New Front in Tax Debate 	200
For the record , I chopped my hair into `` The Karlie '' before Karlie ; -RRB- 	The ? Karlie ? Is Turning Heads 	201
Familiarize yourselves : #NorthKorea 	For the U.N. and North Korea : Game On 	202
New mutations discovered in #melanoma Useful in decoding how it develops . #cancer 	New Mutations Discovered in Melanomas 	203
Not so good news ... . NYTimes : German Economy Shrank in Fourth Quarter 	German Economy Probably Shrank in Fourth Quarter 	204
U.N. agencies : Stop the suffering in Syria Again . Powerless . 	U.N. : Stop the suffering in Syria 	205
Conservative writer Nicholas Kristof : Guns are `` an instrument not of protection but of escalation . '' 	Op-Ed Columnist : Lessons From Guns and a Goose 	206
NYTimes : Robot Makers Say Automation will create new and better jobs and not only delete jobs 	Robot Makers Spread Global Gospel of Automation 	207
New low for water levels in the Great Lakes #Drought 	Water brings new lows on Great Lakes 	208
Britain to Auction 250 MHz for High Speed Mobile - 	Britain Set to Join High-Speed Mobile Party 	209
NYTimes : Apps and Other Digital Tools Lend a Hand ... 	Tool Kit : Apps and Other Digital Tools Lend a Hand to New Mothers 	210
Compared DNA from 6,000 visceral leishmaniasis blood samples from India & Brazil shows similar variations . 	Global Update : A Genetic Link Found for Victims of Lethal Form of Leishmaniasis 	211
So , can we just pass the ERA now ? Pentagon Is Set to Lift Combat Ban for Women 	Pentagon Lifting Ban on Women in Combat 	212
Germany to Move 674 Tons of Gold #germany #europe #USA 	Germany to Repatriate Some of Its Gold Reserves 	213
`` : Secret Service Dog falls to its Death '' 	Secret Service dog falls to its death while on VP detail 	214
***** NYTimes : Security Firm Discovers Cyber-Spy Campaign ***** 	Bits Blog : Security Firm Discovers Global Spy Campaign 	215
#Obama plan : Tougher checks , no assault weapons - - from #guncontrol 	GOP balks at gun control proposals 	216
Ken Salazar leaving to spend more time with his bolo ties . 	Interior 's Ken Salazar stepping down 	217
Nike unveils Rory McIlroy as Tiger 's heir apparent . $ 200 mil deal ?!? Makes no business sense to me . 	Nike unveils Rory : Tiger 's heir apparent 	218
Should babies be allowed to ` cry it out ' ? #attachment #parenting 	Should babies just ` cry it out ' ? 	219
Look of The Moment : #TaylorSwift 	T Magazine : Look of The Moment | Taylor Swift 	220
The plight of the Atlanta Falcons 	NFL : Can Falcons turn it around ? 	221
New York State Has Gun Control Deal , With Focus on Mental Ills 	New York Legislators Hope for Speedy Vote on New Gun Laws 	222
Tribal Lessons - ` The World Until Yesterday ' 	? The World Until Yesterday , ? by Jared Diamond 	223
So . Odd . ? : In his own words : Manti Te'o on his girlfriend , and her death - now revealed to be a hoax : ? 	In his own words : Manti Te'o on girlfriend 's death 	224
J&J was aware of 40 % failure rate in DePuy Hip Implants . 	Maker Aware of 40 % Failure in Hip Implant 	225
Following #Colorado #marijuana legal decisions closely . Maybe some lessons for CA dispensaries mess 	Op-Ed Columnist : Colorado?s Marijuana Muddle 	226
NY Times - A Sprint That Is Littered With Pitfalls 	Slap Shot : N.H.L. ? s Sprint of a Season Includes Pitfalls 	227
Returning Zing to Dutch Cooking ? Let?s go Dutch ?? #Gartine 	Putting Spice Into Dutch Cooking 	228
Obama must prove himself on Palestine : NYTimes : Netanyahu Issues Veiled Barb in Response to Criticism From Obama 	Netanyahu Issues Veiled Response to Criticism From Obama 	229
America , the Saudi Arabia of tomorrow - Good or Bad ? 	America , Saudi Arabia of tomorrow 	230
It hurts my stomach . 	9 calorie bombs at restaurants 	231
Do you need a `` Stop Day '' 	The importance of a ` stop day ' 	232
What happened in Australia ... I Went After Guns . Obama Can , Too . 	Op-Ed Contributor : Australia Banned Assault Weapons . America Can , Too . 	233
Will President Obama 's gun proposals work ? Recalling Pain , Mayors Urge Bills ? Passage 	Recalling Pain of Guns ? Toll , Mayors Urge Bills ? Passage 	234
NYT Books - Books of The Times : ? The River Swimmer , ? a pair of Novellas by Jim Harrison : ? The River Swimmer , ? Ji ... 	Books of The Times : ? The River Swimmer , ? Two Novellas by Jim Harrison 	235
Baby boomers getting tech savvy : 	Grandparents : the new techies ? 	236
v Kerry says #Iran must come clean on #nuclear program 	Kerry confirmation hearing 	237
Woah . Fox News did not renew Sarah Palin 's contract , which just expired . 	Fox News and Sarah Palin Part Ways 	238
Awe - one of the original `` bloggers '' passes away . Pauline Phillips , Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby , Dies at 94 	Pauline Phillips , Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby , Dies at 94 	239
Do n't get any ideas , . U.S. programmer outsources own job to China , surfs cat videos - 	U.S. man outsources job to China , surfs cat videos 	240
Filmmaker Jason da Silva on the challenges of navigating NY with #MS : The Long Wait ? #sundance 	Op-Docs : ? The Long Wait ? 	241
This thing reads like one of those pre-written ` death ' articles . Creepy . 	Burt Reynolds in intensive care in Florida hospital after flu , rep says 	242
UnfairRT : Readers sue Lance Armstrong for book refund after doping admission : What do you think ? 	Readers sue Armstrong for book refund 	243
200 dead in night club fire 	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	244
NYT - Pentagon Lifts Ban on Women Serving in Combat Roles 	Pentagon Lifting Ban on Women in Combat 	245
`` An earlier version of this review misidentified the torso that was featured when Picnic opened on Broadway ... '' 	Theater Review : ? Picnic ? at American Airlines Theater 	246
Here 's to two more years of Reince Penis jokes . 	Priebus Re-elected to Lead Republican National Committee 	247
New York passes gun control bill Interesting , I like that they actually focused on mental health . 	New York to pass first gun control bill since Newtown shooting 	248
Miss Montana has a great story to tell . #autism 	Miss Montana on her autism 	249
CGG - 30 die when bus plunges off cliff in Nepal - 	30 killed as bus plunges off cliff in Nepal 	250
A surprisingly refreshing view from old Johnny Howard . I Went After Guns . Obama Can , Too . 	Op-Ed Contributor : Australia Banned Assault Weapons . America Can , Too . 	251
'' : In today?s Gun Challenge editorial , Obama puts politics aside and takes action on gun reform . '' 	Editorial : President Obama?s Plan for Gun Reform 	252
In N.A.A.C.P. , Industry Gets Ally Against Soda Ban I 'm not one of them ! 	In Court , N.A.A.C.P. Adds Voice Against Bloomberg?s Soda Ban 	253
And they never wondr WHY !! U.S gets it wrong on Egypt again - 	Opinion : U.S gets it wrong on Egypt , again 	254
Hurricane-flooded cars ruined by Sandy lure unwitting buyers 	Hurricane-Flooded Cars Lure Unwitting Buyers 	255
In Oz we love to scoff at US politics , gun laws etc. . Worth remembering US population debate years ahead of ours . 	Obama Will Seek Citizenship Path in One Fast Push 	256
Paging Orval Faubus : `` Oregon sheriff : ` Unconstitutional ' gun control laws wo n't be enforced '' #guncontrol #newtown 	Sheriff wo n't enforce ` unconstitutional ' gun laws 	257
Golden Globes : How did Tina Fey and Amy Poehler do as hosts ? 	Golden Globes kick off Hollywood award season 	258
In #Turkey , mourners protest killings of #Kurds 	Mourners in Turkey protest killings of Kurdish activists 	259
Chim : A Vivid Retrospective of Post War Europe #photography 	Chim : A Vivid Retrospective of Europe 	260
isn?t it sad , that events like the massacre in Conneticut have to happen for us to notice it #challenges 	An Added Mission for Arizona Sheriff?s Immigration Posse : School Patrols 	261
Video : Rome 's colorful Collosseum : 	Rome 's Colosseum gives up secrets 	262
What the what ?! ? : Voice of Charlie Brown arrested , charged . ? 	Good grief ! Charlie Brown actor charged 	263
Here we go again . . A man says he 's ` certain ' he knows where Hoffa is buried . 	Man convicted in mob crimes says he 's ` certain ' where Hoffa is buried 	264
Man held after subway attack in Philadelphia 	Man held after woman thrown onto subway tracks in Philadelphia 	265
Even thought I 've downloaded #Google maps for #iPhone , I 'm still using #Apple 's built in maps . They 're easier to use . 	Google Gains From Creating Apps for the Opposition 	266
Buried Memories talks on a never before told true story of survival , memory and recovery . 	`` Buried Memories '' of Katie Beers 	267
The Gulf 's ` green ' buildings #Amman #CNN 	Coolest green buildings in the Gulf 	268
Awful . '' : More than 800 NYC rape cases to be reviewed for forensic mistakes '' 	More than 800 NYC rape cases reviewed for mistakes 	270
Here is my question , is lance being punished for cheating or for cheating better ? 	Public lashes out at Armstrong 	271
The reason Kindles exist : The Onion 's tossing out an e-book biography of Biden 	ArtsBeat : Biden Getting an Autobiography From The Onion -LRB- Whether He Wants It or Not -RRB- 	272
Info Miami 's Design District Looks for an Upgrade : A proposed $ 312 million renovation is expected to transform t. . . 	Miami?s Design District Looks for an Upgrade 	273
Broken limbs , torn lives in northern #Mali - #Islamism #Sharia 	Broken limbs , torn lives in Mali 	274
Journalists , take a hint from Andrew Sullivan - 	Journalists , learn from blogger Sullivan 	275
This sweet love story made me weepy . No , really : 	The Race Grows Sweeter Near Its Final Lap 	276
North Korea beats war drums ... 	N. Korea makes new threats against U.S. 	277
Russian influence on rise in #Israel 	Rise of Russians in Israel 	278
Life under Islamist Militants - Broken limbs , torn lives in northern Mali 	Broken limbs , torn lives in Mali 	279
Good Grief indeed , Charlie Brown gets arrested 	Good grief ! Charlie Brown actor charged 	280
`` : `` : Death toll climbs to 220 in Brazil nightclub fire , official says . '' incredibly sad '' horrifying 	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	281
Sad but brings back memories of ink-stained hands reading her column . What a life . NYTimes : Dear Abby Dies at 94 	Pauline Phillips , Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby , Dies at 94 	282
In Desert Outposts , Border Agents Keep Watch #elpaso #elchuco #lafrontera #mexico 	At Remote Outposts , Border Agents Sift for Clues 	283
The closest I 'll every get to Hollywood : #GreenFashion on the Red Carpet 	IHT Rendezvous : Green Fashion on the Red Carpet 	284
Again : NYTimes : 787 Jet Leaks Fuel During Safety Test 	Japan Airlines Says 787 Jet Leaked Fuel During Safety Test 	285
Some Daily on Daily crime right here . MT : on filib . reform?unintelligible : 	Bipartisan Filibuster Deal Is Taking Shape in Senate 	286
North Korea?s Missile Movements Worry U.S. THOM SHANKER and DAVID E. SANGER 	Movement of Missiles by North Korea Worries U.S. 	287
We are excited to see what happens !! ? South Park ? Creators Start `` Important Studios '' #southpark 	? South Park ? Creators to Start Company , Important Studios 	288
CNN : Helicopter crash rains debris on London street 	Helicopter crashes in London rush hour 	289
Online prodigy Aaron Swartz commits suicide God why ? 	Online activist Aaron Swartz commits suicide 	290
Is Studio 54 like the '60s - if u can remember it , u were n't really there ? Selling Some Old Sparkle Fr Studio 54 : 	Studio 54 Memorabilia to be Sold at Auction 	291
The climate is changing , not in the distant future , but now : 	An Alarm in the Offing on Climate Change 	292
Extreme weather : expect the unexpected 	Extreme Weather Grows in Frequency and Intensity Around World 	293
Ada Bryant and Robert Haire You go girl !! 	Ada Bryant , Robert Haire ? Weddings 	294
NYT on Aaron Swartz : A Data Crusader , a Defendant and Now , a Cause 	Aaron Swartz , a Data Crusader and Now , a Cause 	295
Ignore the headline : more than 220 ... click on the link for updated via CNN . We 're seeing the numbers climb higher ... 	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	296
I 'm regretful that it has to come to this for some . 	Tibetan sets himself on fire to protest Chinese rule 	297
scaryyyyy ... Questioning Greek Growth 	WORLD : Green Questions About Greek Growth 	298
Tragic news : A Data Crusader , a Defendant and Now , a Cause 	Aaron Swartz , a Data Crusader and Now , a Cause 	299
You better believe in climate change , it 's real ! @ Federal Report Sees Big U.S. Impacts from Global Warming 	Dot Earth Blog : Draft Federal Report Sees Big U.S. Impacts from Global Warming 	300
: Popular gun nut * shot dead in own home , NRA thinks he needed more guns 	Producer of popular gun-related videos found fatally shot 	301
This is so sad `` : 245 people killed in Brazil nightclub fire , police tell state news agency . '' 	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	302
Former Australian PM says `` I Went After Guns . Obama Can , Too . '' 	Op-Ed Contributor : Australia Banned Assault Weapons . America Can , Too . 	303
NYTimes : Diderot , an American Exemplar ? Bien Sûr ! A free thinker 	Op-Ed Contributor : Diderot , an American Exemplar ? Bien S?r 	304
Good grief ! Charlie Brown voice actor charged - #law #legal 	Good grief ! Charlie Brown actor charged 	305
SL Putting a Number on Smoking 's Toll 	Well : Long Term Effects on Life Expectancy From Smoking 	306
Is it a coincidence the most Miss America 's come from the South ? 	Op-Ed Contributor : Racial Politics and Miss America 	307
Britain teeters toward triple-dip recession CNNMoney 	Britain risks new recession 	308
Million Man March ; promises to bring change in bleeding Pakistan - #TahirulQadri # 14Jan 	` Million Man March ' promises to paralyze Pakistani capital 	309
America , the Saudi Arabia of tomorrow - Good Luck Saudi : -RRB- 	America , Saudi Arabia of tomorrow 	310
French Twitter case involving the identities behind racist comments is only latest skirmish over Internet speech 	Twitter Ordered to Help Reveal Sources of Anti-Semitic Posts 	311
`` Not all smoothies are created equal ! '' 	9 calorie bombs at restaurants 	312
US Hospitals Turn Away Visitors With Flu Symptoms - NYT 	Hospitals Place Restrictions on Visitors of Flu Patients 	313
NYTimes : 232 Dead as Fire Sweeps Through Nightclub in Brazil -LRB- locked security doors and band pyrotechnics -RRB- 	Scores Dead as Fire Sweeps Through Nightclub in Brazil 	314
v?a Supreme Court Hears Argument on the F.C.C. ? s Authority to Rule on Cellphone Towers 	Supreme Court Hears Argument on Cellphone Towers 	315
IHT : Xiao Shu , former journalist at Southern Weekend , gives insider take on iron grip of censorship . 	Op-Ed Contributor : Dim Hopes for a Free Press in China 	316
#Wtf it happened again . Police : 7 men gang rape bus passenger in #India - 	Six arrested over new gang-rape on bus 	317
#Youth : The wants to know : `` Does #Facebook Ever Make You Feel L-O-U-S-Y ? '' Share HERE 	The Learning Network Blog : Student Opinion | Does Facebook Ever Make You Feel Bad ? 	318
Da CNN : ' At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire Update ' 	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	319
Horse meat discovered in hamburgers meat in UK and Ireland 	Horsemeat found in hamburgers in Britain and Ireland 	320
Dear Abby , Dies at 94 . Dear Abby : Are birth control pills deductible ? Bertie Dear Bertie : Only if they don?t work . 	Pauline Phillips , Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby , Dies at 94 	321
Jared Diamond book worth reading ? `` The World Until Yesterday '' 	? The World Until Yesterday , ? by Jared Diamond 	322
#Socialmedia makes folks more honest , says #Cornell prof #Facebook #LinkedIn 	Social media make us more honest 	323
World 's best white-water rafting ? geekkenya 	World 's best place for water rafting ? 	324
Casey Anthony has two of her four convictions thrown out . 	Casey Anthony convictions thrown out 	325
Workers being seen as just a cost ... we all build this society and will get what we pay for 	Opinionator | The Great Divide : The Rise of the Permanent Temp Economy 	326
on the need for humanity in online learning . 	Online courses need human element to educate 	327
Weird , just the voice ? '' : Voice of Charlie Brown arrested , charged . '' 	Good grief ! Charlie Brown actor charged 	328
Opinionator : Misconceptions -LRB- Linda Greenhouse -RRB- 	Opinionator : Misconceptions About Roe v. Wade 	329
Frum : U.S. gun problem is not a race problem -LRB- must read -RRB- 	America 's gun problem is not a race problem 	330
Free speech is a basic democratic right except in France #Twitter 	Twitter Ordered to Help Reveal Sources of Anti-Semitic Posts 	331
Goed initiatief , inkomen op kwaliteit en niet op verrichtingen #New York City Ties Doctors ? Income to Quality of Care 	New York City Hospitals to Tie Doctors ? Performance Pay to Quality Measures 	332
Art meets technology before tragedy : photog Taryn Simon & computer genius Aaron Swartz create a project , via NY Times 	The 6th Floor Blog : Taryn Simon and Aaron Swartz 's Experiment with Images 	333
Wow , what a story : In the Subways , a Voice to Stir the Soul 	In the Subways , Geechee Dan?s Voice Stirs the Soul 	334
Microsoft 's Windows 8 sales are OK , not great 	Microsoft 's Windows 8 sales are big -- just not big enough 	335
Death is bad enough : 	Your Money : A Shocking Death , a Financial Lesson and Help for Others 	336
`` Husbands of Hollywood '' ?? gender-flipped satire of reality TV ... & subtle commentary on limited options for black actors . 	Critic?s Notebook : ? Real Husbands of Hollywood ? and Lack of Black Male Leads 	337
President Hillary ! There are few things I would like more ! 	President Hillary Clinton ? If she wants it 	338
NYT , `` Mouse Study Discovers DNA That Controls -LSB- Burrowing -RSB- Behavior -LSB- and Whether Escape Tunnels Are Made -RSB- '' 	Mouse Study Discovers DNA That Controls Behavior 	339
'' : Social media making us more honest ? talks to '' 	Social media make us more honest 	340
Thinking about how we can calm down our civic discourse . Labels are powerful . 	Opinionator | The Stone : What is a ` Hacktivist ' ? 	341
Public takes its shots at Armstrong -- What do you guys think of Armstrong 's doping ? 	Public lashes out at Armstrong 	342
After U.S. threat , North Korea turns ire on South #military #SKorea #NKorea #US #politics 	After threats against U.S. , North Korea turns ire to South 	343
Sen. Feinstein announces bill to limit semiautomatic weapons : 	Senator Unveils Bill to Limit Semiautomatic Arms 	344
NYTimes : Victory for Anthony and for Knicks 	Win for Anthony and for Knicks 	345
The Mexican gun-tablet exchange ... 	Video shows fiery copter wreckage 	346
From : Cond ? Nast Writer Deals Stir Dispute #CondeNast 	Cond ? Nast Contracts Cut Author?s Share in Film Deals 	347
Fires threaten parts of Australia - 	Photos : Fires across Australia 	348
Feel good morning read ! :-RRB- Note on a napkin , ` This meal is on us ' - 	Note on napkin : ` This meal is on us ' 	349
Exercise Can Boost Flu Shot?s Potency #flushot #exercise #health 	Exercise Can Boost Flu Shot 's Potency 	350
The telecom industry just took away our rights . As of today , it 's illegal to choose a different cellphone carrier 	Bits Blog : A Right to Unlock Cellphones Fades Away 	351
Awesome ! #Republicans ca n't win on their ideas so they will change the rules !? 	Some GOP-led states look at electoral vote changes 	352
77 % of Americans use search to find diagnosis . ? : Turning to the Web for a Medical Advice ? 	Well : Turning to the Web for a Medical Diagnosis 	353
The tricks of moving from Wall Street to Tech #dealbook 	DealBook : Moving From Wall Street to the Tech Sector Proves Tricky 	354
Should babies be left to `` cry it out ? '' ... 	Should babies just ` cry it out ' ? 	355
Interesting perspective on #Broncos playcalling - 	The Cautious Calls of John Fox 	356
Rivals watch as Shell 's #Arctic drilling hopes hit snags . $ RDS.A #Alaska #KeystoneXL #oil #politics 	Rivals Watch Travails of Shell Arctic Drilling 	357
Russian Military Ordered to Switch to Socks I learned something new today !!! 	At War Blog : Russian Military Ordered to Switch Portyanki for Socks 	358
Justice Clarence Thomas Breaks His Silence nytimes or the onion article ? ca n't tell 	Justice Thomas Breaks His Silence in Court 	359
Interesting article . ASAP Yams , Partner to Hip-Hop 's ASAP Rocky 	ASAP Yams , Partner to Hip-Hop ? s ASAP Rocky 	360
they were so young :-LRB- #SantaMaria #tragedyinthenightclub 	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	361
An architect is building a mobius band house with a 3D printer . I knew those things would come in handy . 	Architect to build home using 3-D printer 	362
TheWritingGenie Supernatural Tales : Manuel Gonzales Talks About ` The Miniature Wife ' : Mr. Gonzales 's first colle ... 	ArtsBeat : Q. and A. : Manuel Gonzales on His Story Collection ` The Miniature Wife ' 	363
Philly high schoolers , join the conversation . : Would You Feel Safer With Armed Guards In Your School ? 	The Learning Network Blog : Student Opinion | Would You Feel Safer With Armed Guards Patrolling Your School ? 	364
some good news for a change More lives being saved - cancer death rates drop 20 % ... 	More lives being saved : Cancer death rates drop 20 % 	365
Apparently a Suicide 	Aaron Swartz , Internet Activist , Dies at 26 	366
This is an inspiring exhibition . The way to the future . ? Making Room ? in the City 	Weekend Miser : ? Making Room , ? at Museum of the City of New York 	367
Jeanne Vertefeuille , who played a key role in unmasking infamous spy Aldrich Ames , died recently . 	Jeanne Vertefeuille Dies , 80 ; Helped Catch Aldrich Ames 	368
Wait , what ?! - ` Universal background checks ' defined 	` Universal background check ' : What does it mean ? 	369
Our Economic Pickle : America 's Productivity Climbs , but Wages Stagnate 	News Analysis : America?s Productivity Climbs , but Wages Stagnate 	370
Weak Protection Laws For Domestic Workers : Saudi execution : Brutal , inhuman and illegal ? - CNN #p 2 #p 21 #tcot #ccot 	Beheading : Inhuman and illegal ? 	371
Reading : How to Get America Online via 	Op-Ed Contributor : How to Get High-Speed Internet to All Americans 	372
New York Times Top Public Relations Exec to Depart 	Times Communications Executive Is Leaving 	373
What 's so wrong with researching it ? What We Do n't Know Is Killing Us 	Editorial : What We Don?t Know Is Killing Us 	374
Benjamin Millepied to take over Paris Opera Ballet , with all the details : 	Benjamin Millepied to Be Paris Opera Ballet Director 	375
#Java compromised take necessary action 	Critical Java vulnerability due to incomplete earlier patch 	376
#Morsi : `` Nurse our children and our grandchildren on hatred for them : for Zionists , for Jews '' 	Morsi Says Slurs of Jews Were Taken Out of Context 	377
NYTimes : Armstrong , a Confession Without Explanation-the most sophisticated , organized and professionalized ? in history 	For Armstrong , a Confession Without Explanation 	378
Lean in Sisters ... NYTimes : She 's -LRB- Rarely -RRB- the Boss 	Op-Ed Columnist : She?s -LRB- Rarely -RRB- the Boss 	379
Pakistan bomb victims ' families end protest 	Pakistan bomb victims to be buried after protest ends 	380
This could play out very interesting ... 	Some GOP-led states look at electoral vote changes 	381
Senator Schumer Says He Will Vote For Chuck Hagel for Secretary of Defense Good news ! 	Schumer Says He?s Satisfied With Hagel on Mideast 	382
This man can sing better than some big names who will be at the Grammy Awards Geechee Dan Plays the 42nd Street Subway 	Security Firm Discovers Cyber-Spy Campaign #itsecurity #cyberspy 	Bits Blog : Security Firm Discovers Global Spy Campaign 	384
Great NY Times article : `` : `` : A Saint in His City : Archie Manning in #NewOrleans 	A Saint in His City : Archie Manning in New Orleans 	385
Great article & comments on what biz owners face trying to figure out how to choose the right bank . 	Staying Alive : Why I 'm Looking for a New Bank 	386
PUT UP YOUR NUKES -LSB- dukes -RSB- ! `` North Korea says new nuclear test will be part of fight against U.S. '' jacques 	N. Korea makes new threats against U.S. 	387
Calorie bomb disasters on the menu 	9 calorie bombs at restaurants 	388
ICYMI : `` As Disabled Athletes Compete , Questions of Logistics '' 	Disabled Athletes Suit Up , Raising Questions of Logistics and Fairness 	389
If uv not seen #Crazy #Love , u should . NYTimes : Linda Riss #Pugach , Whose Life Was Ripped From Headlines , Dies at 75 	Linda Riss Pugach , 1937-2013 : Linda Riss Pugach , Whose Life Was Ripped From Headlines , Dies at 75 	390
Question is : Does this mean Civil War ? Probably not . But still not a good situation #Iraq 	Sunni sheikh to al-Maliki : Hand over soldiers behind shootings or ` face losses ' 	391
Could n't agree more with the facts here : 	Opinionator : India Is Losing the Race 	392
Interesting article for parents who support their college kids : Parents ? Financial Support May Not Help College Grades 	Parents ? Financial Support Linked to College Grades 	393
New York 's Cuomo signs gun control bill . 1 down 49 to go ! 	New York to pass first gun control bill since Newtown shooting 	394
SYNTHAX_tERROR 2 : : More than 800 NYC rape cases to be reviewed for forensic mistakes 	More than 800 NYC rape cases reviewed for mistakes 	395
WTF India ?!! This has got to stop . 	Six arrested over new gang-rape on bus 	396
CNN Soccer 's ` bounty hunter ' takes on FIFA : A leading football agent fined by FIFA for using social media has ta ... 	` Bounty hunter ' battles FIFA on Facebook 	397
Dey stay preppin ' ... The Preppers Next Door 	The Doomsday Preppers of New York 	398
Family uses pot to manage son 's autism ... Wow 	Boy given pot to manage his autism 	399
`` Long Island : ` Attack of the Bloodsuckers ! ' at the Long Island Children 's Museum '' if you want to scare leo 	Arts | Long Island : ? Attack of the Bloodsuckers !? at the Long Island Children?s Museum 	400
a must read . my amazing friend cynthis schneider has done it again , bravo 	Opinion : U.S gets it wrong on Egypt , again 	401
Why the Net grieves Aaron Swartz - the innovator who embodied what 's best about the Net . 	Why world grieves Aaron Swartz 	402
Female Directors Gain Ground , Slowly The storyteller?s gender matters . 	Female Film Directors Slowly Gain Ground 	403
wtf ?? '' '' : At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire Update : '' 	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	404
#Cosmos Unveil Plan for #Soccer Stadium Near #BelmontPark #NYS #NY #LongIsland #EconDev 	Cosmos Unveil Plan for Soccer Stadium Near Belmont Park 	405
Theme ? Ppl trying to sell stuff that 's not theirs ... cc : #JoyDivision #music 	Lives : We Were Joy Division 	406
NYTimes : Smartphones Become Life?s Remote Control -- amazing 	Smartphones Can Now Run Consumers ? Lives 	407
Breaks my heart '' : 245 people killed in Brazil nightclub fire , police tell state news agency . '' 	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	408
op-ed - Why We Must Help Save #Mali #Africa #HelpMali 	Op-Ed Contributor : Why We Must Help Save Mali 	409
Omg . At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	410
Another GangRape in India ! WTF ! :-LRB- 7 men gang rape bus passenger in India - 	Six arrested over new gang-rape on bus 	411
Social media can be a friend or foe but it does n't raise your IQ - - Police : YouTube videos lead to pot bust 	Police : YouTube leads to pot bust 	412
He 's dead ! ? : Venezuela says Hugo Chavez 's condition is improving ? 	Venezuela : Chavez is improving 	413
NYTimes : Tunisian Style Baked Cauliflower Frittata 	Recipes for Health : Tunisian Style Baked Cauliflower Frittata ? Recipes for Health 	414
Salivating ! ? : Exotic culinary tours from around world ? 	Exotic culinary tours around the world 	415
`` Still own a Livestrong bracelet ? Tell us about it . '' -LRB- CNN -RRB- 	Cycling : Armstrong apologizes to staff 	416
Leave it to a lawyer from #Lakechuck to get Justice Thomas to break his silence . 	Clarence Thomas breaks silence on bench 	417
#coder #outsources own job to #china for a #profit , gets fired . 	U.S. man outsources job to China , surfs cat videos 	418
Africa : The Top 5 stories of the week are ... - 	Africa 's top 5 stories this week 	419
Awkward ! Notre Dame linebacker says he is hoax victim 	Notre Dame linebacker says he is victim of hoax 	420
When Pills Fail , This Option Provides a Cure For C-Diff 	Disgusting , Maybe , but Treatment Works , Study Finds 	421
Dear Abby , we miss you already . How fortunate you are to have Margalit Fox write your obit ! `` Dear Abby , Dies at 94 '' 	Pauline Phillips , Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby , Dies at 94 	422
A Data Crusader , a Defendant and Now , a Cause #AaronSwartz #MITfail #badbranding 	Aaron Swartz , a Data Crusader and Now , a Cause 	423
How an all-American hero fell to earth - . -LRB- Where have all the REAL heroes gone ? -RRB- 	How all-American hero fell to earth 	424
Tibetan man sets himself on fire in protest . Again . 	Tibetan sets himself on fire to protest Chinese rule 	425
More accurate -LRB- albeit less catchy -RRB- title would be `` India is 2nd place '' not `` losing '' , but still interesting : 	Opinionator : India Is Losing the Race 	426
Awesome Jeanne Vertefuille told to take a secretarial course by C.I.A. . She Helped Catch a Notorious Spy , Dies at 80 	Jeanne Vertefeuille Dies , 80 ; Helped Catch Aldrich Ames 	427
In awe of the courageous Russian LGBT rights advocates NYTimes : ` Propaganda ' by Gays Faces Russian Curbs Amid Unrest 	? Propaganda ? By Gays Faces Russian Curbs Amid Unrest 	428
Families of #Newtown Victims Look for Answers on #Gun Violence #NRA 	Families of Newtown School Massacre Victims Organize Against Gun Violence 	429
Really ? Man says he 's ` certain ' where Hoffa is buried 	Man convicted in mob crimes says he 's ` certain ' where Hoffa is buried 	430
NYTimes : How to Get America Online - excellent op-ed by on regulating the big ISPs 	Op-Ed Contributor : How to Get High-Speed Internet to All Americans 	431
Time to ban nighclubs . 	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	432
` here is what happens when you cast lindsey #lohan in a movie ' & get unlimited on-set access : superb journalism . 	Here Is What Happens When You Cast Lindsay Lohan in Your Movie 	433
North Korea Turns Its Ire on the South #North #South #Korea #UN #sanctions #war #R 2PH 	North Korea Turns Its Ire on South Korea 	434
In complete shock ! Catholic hospital argues fetus not a person 	Catholic hospital 's lawyers argue fetus not a person 	435
Armstrong 's confess ruined all the cancer survivors and cycling fans who thought his fairy-tale story was true . 	For Armstrong , a Confession Without Explanation 	436
This is what happened in Brazil if you do n't know x 	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	437
Although Truth is a the higher standard ... : Readers sue Lance Armstrong for book refund after doping admission 	Readers sue Armstrong for book refund 	438
NYT story on Grounding of Boeing 787s 	F.A.A. Orders Grounding of U.S.-Operated Boeing 787s 	439
Aww ? : Britney Spears calls off engagement ? 	Britney Spears , Jason Trawick call off engagement 	440
This should n't be the problem that it is . Ready-set-go . NYTimes : As Disabled Athletes Compete , Questions of Logistics 	Disabled Athletes Suit Up , Raising Questions of Logistics and Fairness 	442
Damn smh '' : Death toll climbs to 220 in Brazil nightclub fire , official says . '' 	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	443
Could it be good ? Sounds intriguing ... ABC to look at ` Star Wars ' live-action TV series - 	ABC to look at ` Star Wars ' live-action series 	444
Online courses still need a human element ... 	Online courses need human element to educate 	445
Gun ban argument continues but will it really solve anything except to disarm the innocent ? #pols 1101 	` Enough is enough , ' Feinstein says in proposing new gun ban 	446
The history of temp agencies : Using the sexism of the '60s to expand `` right under the noses of powerful labor unions . '' 	Opinionator | The Great Divide : The Rise of the Permanent Temp Economy 	447
great hire by Robert Wolf and his new firm Austan Goolsbee is a great guy 	Robert Wolf Said to Hire Goolsbee as Adviser for His Firm 	448
Amen ! '' : Good news ... . My shero Robin Roberts Plans February Return to ` Good Morning America ' '' 	Media Decoder Blog : Robin Roberts Plans February Return to ` GMA ' 	449
Who stole precious relics from Mo. church ? 	Who stole precious relics from church in Missouri town ? 	450
Firefly : 2015 is happening ... . as a NASA mining vessel . #fireflyreturnskinda 	` Fireflies ' to scope out space rocks for mining 	451
Algerian field strike retaliation over Mali , reports say - 	Briton killed in Algerian gas field attack 	452
I wish I could be this man #PaulTheroux My #Travel Wish List via 	Paul Theroux?s Travel Wish List 	453
40 Miles to Work , on a Bike : -- Incredible ! 	Commuting 40 Miles to Work on a Bike , With Thermals and Fleece 	454
Oh so clever , weighs in on #obesity fight 	Coca-Cola weighs in on obesity fight 	455
The entrusted Muslim brotherhood 	Egypt deploys troops to Suez to quell ` out of control ' clashes 	456
I need a ` stop day ' in my life . #CNN 	The importance of a ` stop day ' 	457
Great piece by `` The gruesome toll of deadly #clusterbombs in Syria '' - 	Gruesome toll of cluster bombs 	458
Illuminating Jewish Life in a Muslim Empire via Talmud Blog 	Documents Illuminate Jewish Life in Ancient Muslim Empire 	459
Highlights From Katie Couric 's Interview With Manti Te'o 	The Lede Blog : Updates on the Katie Couric Interview With Manti Te'o 	460
Apps to help you ski : via NY Times 	App Smart : Apps Helps Skiers Get More Out of the Slopes - App Smart 	461
We mourned the loss of an Open Access advocate this past weekend ~ A Data Crusader , a Defendant and Now , a Cause 	Aaron Swartz , a Data Crusader and Now , a Cause 	462
nsfw ? : Best obit opening I 've read in a long time . Dear Abby Dies at 94 ? 	Pauline Phillips , Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby , Dies at 94 	463
Taking foodie culture maybe a bit too far ... The Unaffordable Luxury of Food 	Big City : New Generation Confronts Unaffordable Luxury of Food 	464
I 'd like to read this . MT : Interview with DL Weiss , Who Put Her Child on a Diet and Wrote About It . 	Motherlode Blog : An Interview with Dara-Lynn Weiss , Who Put Her 7-Year-Old on a Diet , and Wrote a Book About It . 	465
NYT botches description of `` crushed beer can '' fiasco in mostly v. good piece on Shell 's Arctic troubles 	Rivals Watch Travails of Shell Arctic Drilling 	466
The Preppers Next Door Who wants to join MY group ? 	The Doomsday Preppers of New York 	467
Driven by a need to compete or remorse ? Armstrong Admits Doping , and Says He Will Testify 	Armstrong Admits Doping , and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials 	468
Sheriff : I wo n't enforce Obama 's gun laws . Good for him . 	Sheriff wo n't enforce ` unconstitutional ' gun laws 	469
Love this -- Forms at the doctor 's office just got fun - 	Forms at the doctor 's just got fun 	470
Dreamliner battery studied by NTSB -LRB- via Instapaper -RRB- 	Nothing ruled out as NTSB studies Dreamliner battery 	471
setting the bar , good move ! `` Wal-Mart Plans to Hire Any Veteran Who Wants a Job '' 	Wal-Mart to Announce Extensive Plan to Hire Veterans 	472
NYTimes : Apple May Be Big , but It Is n't a Bellwether -LRB- my column -RRB- 	Strategies : Apple Stock Isn?t a Bellwether , Even if It?s Big 	473
Schrecklich ! `` : At least 90 killed in Brazil nightclub fire '' 	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	474
Fortunes of Facebook may hinge on search - is this the Big Reveal ? 	Fortunes of Facebook May Hinge on Searches 	475
What is the price of insulting the #king in #Thailand ? 10 years in #prison for #activist Somyot Pruksakasemsuk 	Activist gets 10 years for king insult 	476
Sheriff : I wo n't enforce Obama 's gun laws He 's 1 black guy , they r US laws & calm the fuck down #overparanoia & racism 	Sheriff wo n't enforce ` unconstitutional ' gun laws 	477
Mining Electronic Records for Health Data May Greatly Benefit Medical Research , Not Necessarily Reduce Costs of Care 	Mining Electronic Records for Revealing Health Data 	478
NYTimes : ? Mad Men ? Set to Return on April 7 . Excellent news . 	ArtsBeat : ` Mad Men ' Set to Return on April 7 	479
Greek FM : Small chance Greece leaves EU 	Greek FM : Small chance of euro exit 	480
` Dad , it 's only my books I am friends with . ' #Malala #womenonthefrontline 	The front lines in fight for women 	481
lovely tribute , her responses to readers ' qtns priceless . Read bacon frying and you could move . Dear Abby Dies at 94 	Pauline Phillips , Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby , Dies at 94 	482
Which country has most economic freedom ? #economy #economics 	Country with freest economy is ... 	483
' 4-hour ' work guru on China outsourcer : Bad karma - CNN International 	' 4-hour ' work guru on outsourcer 	484
Part 4 : Answers to Your Questions About the #FAFSA #finaid #scchat 	The Choice Blog : Part 4 : Answers to Your Questions About the Fafsa 	485
Chilling fact that the biggest safety concern for women serving in military is risk of sexual attack from comrades . 	Op-Ed Columnist : Military Women and the Front Lines 	486
Finally a little RESPECT for Vets ! Wal-Mart Plans to Hire Any Veteran Who Wants a Job 	Wal-Mart to Announce Extensive Plan to Hire Veterans 	487
'' : Breaking : 250 killed , 200 more injured in Brazil nightclub inferno . '' Crazy 	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	488
`` Pray for Me '' . Defense Secretary Panetta in Audience With Pope 	Defense Secretary Leon Panetta Meets Pope 	489
John Cale in Paris and Along the Borderline . #music 	Q. and A. : With John Cale in Paris and Along the Borderline 	490
An rising star on London 's thespian scene tells his story of - Being Bin Laden 	Op-Ed Contributor : I Played Osama bin Laden in ? Zero Dark Thirty ? 	491
Casting : Lindsay Lohan , careening debt and porn stars . What could go wrong ? What Happens When You Hire LL . 	Here Is What Happens When You Cast Lindsay Lohan in Your Movie 	492
Saudis Monsters try to defend Sri Lankan maid 's execution #p 2 #tcot 	Saudis defend maid 's beheading 	493
HE nvr gives vision wo provision & he 'll use whoevr2bring it?Winfrey 's LowRated Cable Channel Is Poised 2 Break Through 	Winfrey?s Low-Rated Cable Channel Is Poised to Break Through 	494
A MUST READ ! by ! How #Turkey Can Make Peace With the #Kurds 	Op-Ed Contributor : How Turkey Can Make Peace With the Kurds 	495
Lovely piece in the NYT on a 40-year marriage , and how their gay son?s struggle became a unifier 	Making It Last : Conservative Meets Liberal , and 40-Year Marriage Begins 	496
What exactly is going on in Mali ? @ 	French Say Airstrikes in Mali ? Blocked ? Rebel Advance 	497
Gabby and Mark : The new Bradys of gun control #TGDN LIBS PLAY DIRTY AS NORM 	The new ` Bradys ' of gun control ? 	498
NRA 's video game smacks of hypocrisy #NRA #guncontrol 	NRA 's video game hypocrisy 	499
Frum : #US . #gun problem is not a race problem 	America 's gun problem is not a race problem 	500
All from a kid starting an online petition . NYTimes : PepsiCo Will Halt Use of Additive in Gatorade 	Gatorade Listens to a Teen And Changes Its Formula 	501
Al Pacino to play Joe Paterno in Brian De Palma 's tentatively entitled film `` Happy Valley '' #sportsbiz 	Pacino to Play Paterno in Film 	502
Source say at least 150 '' : At least 90 killed in Brazilian nightclub fire , officials say . '' 	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	503
NYTimes : Debunking Darwin . Was He Wrong About Dating ? #sex #gender 	Opinion : Darwin Was Wrong About Dating 	504
From the She Owns It business group ... More Thoughts on Growing Your Business -- and Helping Employees 	You 're the Boss Blog : More Thoughts on Growing Your Business - and Helping Employees 	505
Well , at least we know the slides work now . 	Boeing 787s Are Grounded by Japanese Airlines 	506
NYTimes : What We Do n't Know Is Killing Us - Could n't agree more ! e.g. , research on IPV homicides & guns is critical . 	Editorial : What We Don?t Know Is Killing Us 	507
BHO Gun Proposal 2 Look Beyond Mass Shootings in taking steps to completely disarm Americans so that only Elites prtctd 	Obama Gun Proposal to Look Beyond Mass Shootings 	508
The deadly toll of cluster bombs in #Syria 	Gruesome toll of cluster bombs 	509
! pay it forward - Note on a napkin , ` This meal is on us ' - 	Note on napkin : ` This meal is on us ' 	510
Jacqui Weaver tells the NY Times : ? I do have friends in Australia who now refer to me as ? Hollywood Jack ?? 	Jacki Weaver and the Lord of Greenwich Village 	511
Flowers in winter ? Camellias are some of my favorite prerennials . 	In the Garden : Camellias Ready for a Cold Snap 	512
Go #Obama . Obama Calls for Broad Action on Guns 	Obama to Ask Congress to Toughen Gun Laws 	513
Is #Pakistan becoming '' #SouthAsia 's #Dreamliner '' ? - Official refuses order to arrest Prime Minister Ashraf 	Pakistani Official Refuses Order to Arrest Prime Minister 	514
Google Gains From Creating Apps for the #iPhone #HealthIT #hcsm 	Google Gains From Creating Apps for the Opposition 	515
I was definitely spending it on obscure sheet music and concert tickest . #MisspentYouth 	Big City : New Generation Confronts Unaffordable Luxury of Food 	516
A Generation Gap ? Not on This Web Site -LRB- Harvard Business School -RRB- 	A 20-Something ? s Web Site for Women Over 40 	517
Eddie Huang in the NY Times . i vibe this dude so hard 	Eddie Huang Defies Description 	518
Rangel : More equal military ? Bring back draft #deployment #usaf #military 	A more equal military ? Bring back draft 	519
France confronts Mali jihadists 	France vows to halt Mali jihadists 	520
The amount of organizations and clubs at #college is overwhelming ! Choose carefully before dedicating your time : 	The Choice Blog : Lessons From a College Student : Finding Your Fit on Campus 	521
Lol . . errm . . `` test '' on the U.S. of A. ? #damn ! : North Korea says new nuclear test will be part of fight against U.S. : ? 	N. Korea makes new threats against U.S. 	522
#Morsi ? s Slurs Against #Jews Stir Concern Does any one in #Obama 's administration know how to read #English ? 	Morsi?s Slurs Against Jews Stir Concern 	523
`` Vine is Twitter 's attempt to be the Instagram of Video , '' Form a nerdier sentence . Do n't try ! Its Impossible ! 	Vine is Twitter 's attempt to become the ` Instagram of video ' 	524
Mark Sanford , the ex-Governor of South Carolina & `` Hiking the Appalachian Trail '' , to Run for Congress 	Sanford , Ex-Governor of South Carolina , to Run for Congress 	525
Where to Go in 2013 by ! offers insightful explorations to most of these ! 	The 46 Places to Go in 2013 	526
peter is not in the top ten but mo , bertie and gus are ? : `` The top baby names of 2013 '' 	Parenting.com 's top baby names 	527
NYTimes : #Queens #School Is Locked Down After #Gun Is Found in 7-Year-Old ? s Backpack is there no end ? 	Gun Found in 7-Year-Old ? s Backpack at Queens School 	528
What choo talkin ' bout Mr. D. ... RIP Conrad Bain , Father on ? Diff?rent Strokes ? , Dies at 89 	Conrad Bain , Actor on ? Diff?rent Strokes , ? Dies at 89 	529
Facebook unveils new search tool : 	Bits Blog : Facebook Unveils a New Search Tool 	530
#GunReform for a Generation 	Editorial : President Obama?s Plan for Gun Reform 	531
Is it me , or is the main ingredient in Coke sugar ? In Ads , Coke Confronts Soda?s Link to Obesity 	Coke TV Ads Confront Obesity and Soda?s Role 	532
Excellent analysis of the housing market recovery - Housing Offers Hope of Strength in the Economy 	High & Low Finance : Signs of a Housing Recovery Point to a Stronger Economy 	533
Williams Starts Fast , but Pace Suits Rockets 	Williams Starts Strong , but Nets Don?t Follow in Loss to Rockets 	534
QUEBRA TUDO !!! J.J. Abrams to Direct Next ` Star Wars ' Movie 	J.J. Abrams to Direct Next ` Star Wars ' Movie 	535
WOW : announcing plan to hire EVERY veteran who wants a job - w a few conditions . They anticipate 100k + hires : 	Wal-Mart to Announce Extensive Plan to Hire Veterans 	536
In Britain , Basketball Can Be a Tough SellWHY WOULD BRITS GET EXCITED BOUT PRO BB , THEY GOT `` FOOTBALL `` 2 KEEP THEM BORED . 	In Britain , Basketball Is Somewhat of a Tough Sell 	537
At least 90 killed in Brazil nightclub fire '' Kropp left that country in the nick of time . 	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	538
dutch automat Returning Zing to Dutch Cooking 	Putting Spice Into Dutch Cooking 	539
Man held after subway attack in Philadelphia omg ! 	Man held after woman thrown onto subway tracks in Philadelphia 	540
Who Decides the Laws of War ? It belongs in civilian courts . 	News Analysis : Military Tribunals and International War Crimes 	541
Former Alaska Gov Sarah Palin is no long a commentator for Fox News 	Fox News and Sarah Palin Part Ways 	542
New York lawmakers agreed on changes to gun laws Ills 	New York Legislators Hope for Speedy Vote on New Gun Laws 	543
Lance Armstrong -LSB- Finally -RSB- Admits Doping , Says He Will Testify 	Armstrong Admits Doping , and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials 	544
Hong Kong takes the Internet speed title with 54.1 Mbps . 	Hong Kong takes Internet speed title 	545
Where is justice ? ` They ran him over because he was black ' 	Victim 's son : It was a hate crime 	546
reflects on doctors who take time off & then start seeing patients again . 	Doctor and Patient : When the Doctor Returns to Doctoring 	547
Sheen wants to return to ' 2.5 Men ' but has his past image ruined that ? #coePR 205 	Sheen wants to return to ` Two and a Half Men ' 	548
Good Read : Challenges for Women in India : 	Challenges of being woman in India 	549
NYTimes : Richard G. Stern , Writers ? Writer , Dies at 84 Big loss 	Richard G. Stern , a Writers ? Writer , Is Dead at 84 	550
Fantastic read from on imprtnce of narratives : '' ... stories , not algorithms , give order to our hectic world . '' 	Opinion : TV , The Thinking Person?s Entertainment of Choice 	551
`` 2012 : The Year of Extreme #Weather '' : #ClimateChange #Drought #NationalClimateAssessment #GlobalChangeResearch 	IHT Rendezvous : 2012 : The Year of Extreme Weather 	552
La vision am?ricaine sur M.Kaspersky est peu flatteuse Security Firm Discovers Cyber-Spy Campaign 	Bits Blog : Security Firm Discovers Global Spy Campaign 	553
Sweet , sweet story . NYTimes : A Doll?s Magic , Free to Renew 	A Doll 's Magic , Free to Renew 	554
A New Housing Boom ? Do n't Count on It - By ROBERT J. SHILLER - 	A New Housing Boom ? Don?t Count on It 	555
'' -LRB- UK fave -RRB- `` Mate , why do n't skip killing people night ? It 's too cold . '' - NYC murderers in last 9 days 	Cold Wave Cut Murders in New York City Significantly 	556
Take that Texas . White House Rejects Petitions to Secede , but Texans Fight On 	Texas Secession Movement Unbowed by White House Rejection 	557
No Deal on Teacher 's Union Evaluations ; NYC Risks Losing $ 450 Million 	New York City Talks on Teacher Evaluations 	558
Interesting perspective ... NYTimes : A New Housing Boom ? Do n't Count on It 	A New Housing Boom ? Don?t Count on It 	559
Battle behind China 's ` Firewall ' 	Working behind China 's ` Great Firewall ' 	560
NYTimes : Analysis of Armstrong?s Interview With Winfrey it 's shame -LRB- but we know it -RRB- #congrutalionlance 	The Lede Blog : Live Updates on Armstrong 's Oprah Interview 	561
Too many s * tty men in India : another gang rape 	Six arrested over new gang-rape on bus 	562
Vodka is saving lives ! Well , a puppy 's life ... 	Booze saves puppy 's life 	563
jl #NYT : U.S. Military Stops Sending Some Detainees to Afghan Custody #p 2 #topprog 	U.S. Military Stops Sending Detainees to Some Afghan Prisons on Rights Fears 	564
Loving the street style from the #Couture in #Paris #Fashion 	T Magazine : Street Style from the Couture in Paris 	565
asked many people -LRB- including yours truly -RRB- if #LanceArmstrong deserves another chance . Interesting views 	Give Lance another chance ? 	566
Travel photos that you wish you had taken - 	Today 's photo : Thai temple 	567
#Pentagon to lift combat ban for women ... How about banning combat for men ?? 	Pentagon Lifting Ban on Women in Combat 	568
Doing Good -LRB- and Burnishing Images Too -RRB- #celebrity #charity 	The Carpetbagger : Doing Good -LRB- and Burnishing Images , Too -RRB- 	569
Iran Currency Falls Further on U.S PRESSURE Over Banks transactions 	Iran Currency Falls Further on Concerns Over Bank 	570
` Kitty Cams study found that four of the cats were two-timing their owners , ' and more in this cat story . 	Well Pets : Holly the Cat 's Incredible Journey 	571
Union membership falls to 97-year low , 11.3 % . People will still find ways to blame them for everything . 	Union Membership Drops Despite Job Growth 	572
Who spends so much money on food ? That 's so retarded :-RRB- The Unaffordable Luxury of Food 	Big City : New Generation Confronts Unaffordable Luxury of Food 	573
Sent from the CNN App for Android At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	574
#Google Gains From Creating Apps for #iPhone . Google Maps is # 1 #App . 	Google Gains From Creating Apps for the Opposition 	575
Get it together Sun -LRB- #Oracle -RRB- ! Homeland Security warns users to disable Java . #CyberSecurity 	Disruptions : U.S. Agency Warns of Java Software Problem 	576
unreal ? : If you have not heard of the acid attack on the Bolshoi director . ? 	Acid attack on Russia ballet director 	577
Tragic . My thoughts and prayers go out to all ... `` At least 220 killed in Brazil nightclub fire '' 	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	578
Potentially explosive legal battle : Catholic hospital argues fetus not a person 	Catholic hospital 's lawyers argue fetus not a person 	579
Kyle Stanley Gained from Pain of Squandered Lead at Torrey Pins : Kyle Stanley this week is back at Torrey Pines , ... 	Kyle Stanley Gained from Pain of Squandered Lead at Torrey Pines 	580
Scarcity and Financial Decision-Making . 	Hanging On : In Debt , and Digging Deeper to Find Relief 	581
Holy crap ! :-LRB- `` 2 killed as helicopter crashes into crane in central London '' 	Helicopter crashes in London rush hour 	582
U.S. single-malt #whiskey has arrived 	American Single-Malt Whiskeys Serve Notice 	583
Allergy-bullying ? Apparently this is a real problem . 	Allergy bullying : When food is a weapon 	584
World awaits Oprah 's Armstrong interview not me I 'm not watching 	World awaits Oprah 's Lance Armstrong interview - but will it change anything ? 	585
Homicide # 2 cause of death in 15-24-yr-olds in US - 4 out of 5 of these deaths from guns 	America flunks its health exam 	586
A Library doll is loaned out to children : 	A Doll 's Magic , Free to Renew 	587
Senate holds key to fixing Washington - thanks for that insight Ari #p 2 #tcot 	Senate key to fixing Washington 	588
#Cuba restricts travel for ` skilled ' people 	Cuba limits travel for athletes , workers 	589
what is driving our growth in government spending #facts 	What Is Driving Growth in Government Spending ? 	590
It 's a start ! Kudos to this kid !!! PepsiCo Will Halt Use of Additive in Gatorade 	Gatorade Listens to a Teen And Changes Its Formula 	591
Obama-backed gun bills a long shot . `` This is ONE issue that me and the president happen to agree on . '' 	Reform is a long shot in current Congress 	592
Beyond the media 's coverage of her emotions , #Clinton put out good info : Five things we learned from Benghazi hearings 	5 things we learned from Benghazi hearings 	593
2 #France : We 're not the pacifists you think 	Why France is not pacifist nation 	594
Change the rules = Prez Romney : `` : Electoral College Changes Would Pose Danger 4 Democrats '' 	FiveThirtyEight : Electoral College Changes Would Pose Danger for Democrats 	595
As Seen on TV ! ~ Black and Famous but Out to Pasture 	Critic?s Notebook : ? Real Husbands of Hollywood ? and Lack of Black Male Leads 	596
: Report : 650 hostages freed by Algeria forces 	Fear , confusion in Algerian hostage crisis 	597
Pray they 'll stay together for the right reasons - Kobe Bryant , wife calling off divorce - 	Kobe Bryant and wife call off divorce 	598
Harrowing stories : Broken limbs , torn lives in northern #Mali 	Broken limbs , torn lives in Mali 	599
#NHL Players Begin Voting on Labor Deal ; Approval Expected by Saturday #ABASAL #Antitrust 	Slap Shot : N.H.L. Players Begin Voting on Labor Deal ; Approval Expected by Saturday 	600
Over 50 , and Under No Illusions Over 50 ? Invent yourself everyday ! 	How 5 Older Workers Saw a Chance to Remake Their Careers 	601
The power of user reviews - wielded for good or evil ? NYTimes : Swarming a Book Online 	A Casualty on the Battlefield of Amazon?s Partisan Book Reviews 	602
Cool stuff : 6 trends we saw at CES 2013 - 	6 trends from CES 2013 	603
At least 233 dead in Brazilian nightclub fire . : -LRB- 	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	604
So sad news : 245 people killed in Brazil nightclub fire . 	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	605
Ouch , possibly ? `` : NYTimes : Japan 's Business Culture Hovers Over Boeing 's Battery Choice '' 	Common Sense : Selection of the Boeing 787 ? s Battery Maker Raises Questions 	606
What a loss of a great & inspirational mind ! Internet Activist , a Creator of RSS , Is Dead at 26 , Apparently a Suicide 	Aaron Swartz , Internet Activist , Dies at 26 	607
It 's Jail Time , Charlie Brown 	Good grief ! Charlie Brown actor charged 	608
At long last , the truth ... Armstrong Admits Doping , and Says He Will Testify 	Armstrong Admits Doping , and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials 	609
I am calling BS !!! NYTimes : Morsi Says His Slurs of Jews Were Taken Out of Context 	Morsi Says Slurs of Jews Were Taken Out of Context 	610
If you 're a skier or snow-boarder , you 'll dig these : On Snowy Slopes , Fingers Glide Down the Touch Screen . 	App Smart : Apps Helps Skiers Get More Out of the Slopes - App Smart 	611
David Gergen says Obama 's 2nd inaugural will deepen division . #Didn ` tSeeItComing 	Was Obama 's historic speech divisive ? 	612
Please Read : 's piece on the gruesome toll of deadly cluster bombs in #Syria : 	Gruesome toll of cluster bombs 	613
#CSIS 388_Dave Facebook disrupting online dating 	How Facebook 's Graph Search could disrupt online dating 	614
U.S. steps up involvement in Mallpp #pppj ## p #pl ### p ### p 	U.S. steps up involvement in Mali 	615
I Went After Guns . Obama Can , Too . One of the only things I would agree with Howard on . 	Op-Ed Contributor : Australia Banned Assault Weapons . America Can , Too . 	616
So Wang Lijun did build a surveillance network . - Chinese Party and Business Officials Fired in Sex Scandal 	Chinese Officials Fired Over Sex Scandal 	617
NYTimes : She 's -LRB- Rarely -RRB- the Boss smart , as usual 	Op-Ed Columnist : She?s -LRB- Rarely -RRB- the Boss 	618
Wow '' : At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire Update : '' 	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	619
Hot #Luxury news : Japanese airlines suspend Dreamliner flights after emergency land ? , see more 	Japanese airlines suspend Dreamliner flights after emergency landing 	620
Everyone should read 's CNN column from today : 	America 's gun problem is not a race problem 	621
#BREAKING : #Police clash with #protesters calling for dissolution of #Pakistan 's government - 	Police , protesters clash in Pakistan 	622
Mubarak goes to jail 	Egypt 's Hosni Mubarak faces retrial 	623
Honestly where are people 's rights being ruined in Obama?s Gun Control Proposal 	What?s in Obama?s Gun Control Proposal 	624
This is odd ! tsk ! - Catholic hospital argues fetus not a person 	Catholic hospital 's lawyers argue fetus not a person 	625
Great to have in the Press Pool to discuss his piece on the President 's push for gun control . 	Biden Meets With House Democrats on Gun-Violence Proposals 	626
The classic American fame and blame game . The Point of Lance 	Op-Ed Columnist : The Point of Lance Armstrong 	627
#Djokovic sets sights on #Paris party 	Djokovic : 3 Aussie wins in a row 	628
#Pakistan 's Premier Intervenes in Fire Inquiry 	Pakistan?s Ashraf Intervenes in Fatal Fire Investigation 	629
Kinship care & siblings : After #FosterCare Yrs , a Woman Becomes a Role Model for Her Sisters 	The Neediest Cases : After Foster Care , Becoming a Role Model for Her Sisters 	630
Looks like we could get something right 	GOP balks at gun control proposals 	631
You should read this : The Lifting of a Veil , Discreetly 	The TV Watch : Jodie Foster Lifts a Veil at Golden Globes 	632
Interesting Piece ! Being Bin Laden #films #zerodarkthirty 	Op-Ed Contributor : I Played Osama bin Laden in ? Zero Dark Thirty ? 	633
U ds boi ehn '' : Piers slams guest over AR-15s '' 	Piers , guest clash over AR-15s 	634
Bad tweet -LRB- news -RRB- of the day '' : For Rape Victims in India , Police r Often Part of Problem reports '' 	For Rape Victims in India , Police Are Often Part of the Problem 	635
These Law Enforcers Will Stop at Nothing 	Movie Review : ? Gangster Squad ? With Sean Penn , Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone 	636
Populist without a backbone elected by popular vote supported by heavy media campaign #Zeman #CzechRepublic 	Former Prime Minister Is Elected President of Czech Republic 	637
Artley : Getting 10 million Twitter followers 	How to get 10 million followers on Twitter 	638
hmmm she 's filing for bankruptcy . . 	Casey Anthony files for bankruptcy 	639
#Mali Need Not Be France?s Afghanistan 	IHT Rendezvous : Mali Need Not Be France 's Afghanistan 	640
War on Evil ? War on Sociopaths ? Banning guns sounds like it will work a lot better than that War on Drugs stuff . 	Obama Gun Proposal to Look Beyond Mass Shootings 	641
be safe . i 've heard on the news about china 's air pollution that is terrible 	China Allows Media to Report Alarming Air Pollution Crisis 	642
A Heroic Doctor Returns to Congo 	Doctor Returns to Congo and Is Hailed as a Hero 	643
NYTimes : D. Brainerd Holmes , a Leader in Space Race , Dies at 91 	D. Brainerd Holmes , Top NASA Official , Dies at 91 	644
179 republicans vote no ... House Approves $ 50.7 Billion in Emergency Aid for #Sandy Victims 	House Approves $ 50.7 Billion in Emergency Aid for Storm Victims 	645
Nobel-winning economist on why we should care about #climate change . 	On the Non-equivalence of Greenhouse Gases and Entitlement Spending 	646
NYT Most Emailed : Pentagon Set to Lift Ban on Women in Combat Roles : The groundbreaking decision overturns a 199 ... 	Pentagon Lifting Ban on Women in Combat 	647
It is laughable to believe the whole story , they never met ? Image Becomes a Puzzle as Theories on Te?o Swirl 	Image of Manti Te?o Becomes Puzzle as Theories Swirl 	648
Who 'd have thought an American hero could be a Canadian ? NYT : Man Who Sheltered Americans in Tehran , Dies at 88 	John Sheardown , Canadian Who Sheltered Americans in Tehran , Dies at 88 	649
` Vampire Diaries ' spinoff coming to The CW , it 's based in Nola ! 	` Vampire Diaries ' spinoff pilot coming to The CW 	650
Poor creature MT Amid 2d-guessing , marine rescuers decide not to remove stricken dolphin from Gowanus Canal . 	The Hard Decision Not to Rescue an Ailing Dolphin 	651
CNN : Egypt clashes : A stern Egyptian court ruling tied to a soccer riot spurred clashes that left at least 30 pe ... 	Egypt deploys troops to Suez to quell ` out of control ' clashes 	652
lance armstrong quotes , pure gold 	Lance 's classic quotes 	653
Gas prices creep up a bit 	Gas prices tick up slightly 	654
Indian Star -LRB- Sania Mirza -RRB- Tells of Life and Marriage in Media Fishbowl 	Straight Sets : Indian Star Tells of Life and Marriage in Media Fishbowl 	655
Parent is defined as a point of origin . I 'm not done being the best parent I can be for Ben . Not by a very long measure 	Families of Newtown School Massacre Victims Organize Against Gun Violence 	656
New #Facebook changes afoot - not to your profile -LRB- phew ! -RRB- - rather a new feature , #GraphSearch . 	Facebook introduces ` Graph Search ' 	657
Parsing What Jodie Foster Did -LRB- and Did n't -RRB- Say Got ta be honest : I had not idea what she was saying . #goldenglobes 	The Carpetbagger : Parsing What Jodie Foster Did -LRB- and Did n't Say -RRB- 	658
Aaron Swartz , Internet Activist and a Creator of RSS , Is Dead at 26 , Apparently a Suicide . 	Aaron Swartz , Internet Activist , Dies at 26 	659
a case when you might want to take someone else 's shit ... 	Disgusting , Maybe , but Treatment Works , Study Finds 	661
Good article on the economics & culture that fuels pro cycling . NYTimes : Looking Upstream in Doping Cases 	Critics Take a Look Upstream in Doping Scandals 	662
#Wal - Mart Plans to Hire Any #Veteran Who Wants a #Job 	Wal-Mart to Announce Extensive Plan to Hire Veterans 	663
awful way to go out ... '' : At least 220 killed in Brazil nightclub fire '' 	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	664
The importance of taking a day off 	The importance of a ` stop day ' 	665
Care of the Elderly : the opportunity of food is more than meals on wheels . 	Study : More to Meal Delivery Than Food 	666
NYTimes : Talking , Walking Objects -LRB- this is a fantasy world for geeky me -RRB- 	Opinion : Our Talking , Walking Objects 	667
I think a bunch of UCI suits need to change their pants NYTimes : Armstrong Admits Doping , and Says He Will Testify 	Armstrong Admits Doping , and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials 	668
What a dope -LRB- r -RRB- ... NYTimes : Armstrong Admits Doping , and Says He Will Testify 	Armstrong Admits Doping , and Says He Will Testify Against Cycling Officials 	669
` Million Man March ' Threatens #Pakistan Capital - CNN , 	` Million Man March ' promises to paralyze Pakistani capital 	670
This is gon na be fantastic for entertainment : 	? South Park ? Creators to Start Company , Important Studios 	671
'' : Voice of Charlie Brown arrested , charged . '' Please tell me he said good grief ... 	Good grief ! Charlie Brown actor charged 	672
, is this anti-free speech new French law about Twitter must identify racist , anti-Semitic posters , via 	French court : Twitter must identify racist users 	673
Flu season is here , let 's clear something up : `` Do I Need a Flu Shot if I?ve Had the Flu ? '' 	Ask Well : Do I Need a Flu Shot if I 've Had the Flu ? 	674
Kobe Bryant , wife say they are calling off #divorce - 	Kobe Bryant and wife call off divorce 	675
Inspiring article by Chelsea Clinton about volunteering this Saturday - National Day of Service 	Clinton : We can make a difference 	676
Did you read the #Opinionator the relationship between parents & teachers ? Liza Lee was interviewed . #edchat 	Opinionator | Schooling : The Dicey Parent-Teacher Duet 	677
MT Design Now Rivals Technology in Importance 	Disruptions : Disruptions : Design Is Driving Technology Forward 	678
uhhhh 10 reasons we ca n't get enough Gosling yummie 	Why we ca n't get enough Gosling -LRB- Duh ! -RRB- 	679
Java vulnerability due to incomplete patch -LRB- from -RRB- 	Critical Java vulnerability due to incomplete earlier patch 	680
NYTimes : GREAT OBIT on Dear Abby . 	Pauline Phillips , Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby , Dies at 94 	681
Robots making US more competitive in manufacturing : 	Robot Makers Spread Global Gospel of Automation 	682
Florida 's Burmese Python issue leads to snake killing contest . - ... 	Florida tackling python problem with hunting contest 	683
Homicide Tracking Site Expanding to #Chicago Love it . Great call & Congrats 	Media Decoder Blog : Homicide Tracking Site Expanding to Chicago 	684
180 ! `` : At least 90 killed in Brazil nightclub fire '' 	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	685
Are you better off `` playing for a tie '' in #investing : 	Strategies : In Investing , at Least , It Makes Sense to Play for a Tie 	686
Boost Your Flu Shot Response With Exercise 	Exercise Can Boost Flu Shot 's Potency 	687
For Obama?s New Term , Start Here - Nick Kristof for NYT 	Op-Ed Columnist : For Obama?s Second Term , Start Here 	688
Worst nightmare ! '' : At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire Update : '' 	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	689
Anyone tried this ?? Amazon giving you free MP3s your CDs 	Amazon giving you free MP3s of your CDs 	690
Damn , maybe I should n't be so sanguine about the London fog : 	Helicopter crashes in London rush hour 	691
#NYC school bus drivers go on strike NYC school bus corruption & in some cases organized crime 	New York School Bus Drivers Go on Strike 	692
How about a path to #citizenship for those already caught crossing the #border ? #Citizenship Path in One Fast Push 	Obama Will Seek Citizenship Path in One Fast Push 	693
Good Read . Agree - Mostly '' : Parents ? Financial Support May Not Help College Grades '' 	Parents ? Financial Support Linked to College Grades 	694
J.J. Abrams set to direct ? Star Wars : Episode VII ? 	J.J. Abrams to Direct Next ` Star Wars ' Movie 	695
To face someone that already shot a student . . '' : I 'm no hero , says teacher who talked down armed student . '' 	Teacher talks armed student into giving up , police say 	696
-LRB- -RRB- Brazil hosts largest fag parade in the world . #FagsDoomNations 245 people killed in Brazil club fire . 	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	697
Tea Party Unhappy . Fox News Fires Sarah #Palin 	Fox News and Sarah Palin Part Ways 	698
on point ... 5 Wine Words Not to Fear 	The Pour : In Describing Wines , 5 Words Not to Fear 	699
See also : NYTimes : In Quebec , a Celebration on Skis 	In Quebec , a Winter Celebration on Skis 	700
Life begins at conception , unless cas is involved . 	Catholic hospital 's lawyers argue fetus not a person 	701
This would be a very , very bad idea DPRK . North Korea threatens South Korea ove UN sanctions : 	North Korea Turns Its Ire on South Korea 	702
In N.A.A.C.P. , Industry Gets Ally Against Soda Ban hmmmmmmmm ... 	In Court , N.A.A.C.P. Adds Voice Against Bloomberg?s Soda Ban 	703
About damn time !!! New York governor signs nation 's first gun-control bill since Newtown - 	New York to pass first gun control bill since Newtown shooting 	704
Unemployment in #Spain Climbs Again , With No Relief in Sight ... 	Spanish Joblessness Climbs Again , With No Relief in Sight 	705
Timothy Cook , Apple?s CEO , said the pipeline of products was ? chock-full . ? ? We feel great about what we have in store ? 	Apple?s Profits Are Flat , and Stock Drops 	706
Read that Facebook has launched a new tool -LRB- -RRB- to search its huge database of social graph data . 	Bits Blog : Facebook Unveils a New Search Tool 	707
Do n't know why I ca n't stop reading about him - A Data Crusader , a Defendant and Now , a Cause 	Aaron Swartz , a Data Crusader and Now , a Cause 	708
I wish I could see this , it sounds cool ! Second Stage Adds ` Nobody Loves You ' 	ArtsBeat : Second Stage Theater Adds ` Nobody Loves You ' 	709
NYTimes : #LindaRissPugach , Whose Life Was Ripped From Headlines , Dies at 75 #crazylove 	Linda Riss Pugach , 1937-2013 : Linda Riss Pugach , Whose Life Was Ripped From Headlines , Dies at 75 	710
3D version of ? Top Gun ? was rejected by #China 's censors . The line `` religion is darkness ' in `` Life of Pi '' gt the X too 	In Hollywood Movies for China , Bureaucrats Want a Say 	711
. Kobe just saved about $ 100 Mil 	Kobe Bryant and wife call off divorce 	712
NY Times Communications Executive Bob Christie Is Leaving . One of the industry 's few good spokespeople . 	Times Communications Executive Is Leaving 	713
RIP I have no words :-LRB- At least 245 killed in Brazil nightclub fire - 	Hundreds killed in Brazil nightclub fire 	714
Property Values : What You Get for ... $ 1.6 Million 	Property Values : Real Estate for $ 1.6 Million 	715
#Twolves fans should read this piece on KG by in the NYTimes 	Either With Him or Against Him 	716
India is a shockingly bad place to be a woman - how can it be so backwards ?? 	India?s New Focus on Rape Shows Only the Surface of Women?s Perils 	717
Be careful what you eat -- particularly at restaurants !!! 	9 calorie bombs at restaurants 	718
#Britain 's Prime Minister Defends Decision to Seek Vote on #EuropeanUnion 	U.K. Prime Minister Defends Decision to Seek E.U. Vote 	719
Where in the world is Àfrica ? Selection of the Boeing 787 's Battery Maker Raises Questions 	Common Sense : Selection of the Boeing 787 ? s Battery Maker Raises Questions 	720
women have ` taken their posts with such seamless calm that the country barely noticed . ' 	Op-Ed Columnist : Military Women and the Front Lines 	721
Justice Thomas has n't said a single word in the Supreme Court in 7 years.He broke his silence.He said `` Well he did not '' 	Justice Thomas Breaks His Silence in Court 	722
Kids ca n't trust anyone !! '' : 50 arrested in Florida child sex sting - including several teachers : '' 	Teachers among 50 arrested in child sex sting 	723
Pentagon to lift combat ban 	Pentagon ends ban on women in combat 	724
U.S. , other nations ground Boeing Dreamliners over fire risk -LRB- CNN -RRB- 	U.S. , other nations ground Dreamliners 	725
I do n't normally agree with former PM John Howard - but he is spot on about gun control in the US 	Op-Ed Contributor : Australia Banned Assault Weapons . America Can , Too . 	726
Need a rubber stamp of Chairman Mao or Lady Godiva on her horse ? Ink Pad in the W. Village has got 'em . #NabeJoint 	Neighborhood Joint | West Village : 10,000 Rubber Stamps at Ink Pad in the West Village 	727
HE Arts Beat Producer Says James Brown Biopic Is Finally a Go : The producers says he 's gotten the rights from th ... 	ArtsBeat : James Brown Biopic Finally Gets Go Ahead 	728
This is interesting - NYTimes : Parents ? Financial Support May Not Help College Grades 	Parents ? Financial Support Linked to College Grades 	729
Ishikawa and Wiratchant Invited to Augusta 	Ryo Ishikawa and Thaworn Wiratchant Get Invites to Masters 	730
Great idea '' : Should make capital gains regressive over time , based upon how long capital invested #StartupAct '' 	Are we living the capitalist 's dilemma ? 	731
Pentagon breaking news , this going to be a big debate . 	Pentagon to open combat jobs to women 	732
Omo dey go tey : Opinion : Nigerians still waiting for their ` African Spring ' Sowore - 	Nigeria waits for ` African Spring ' 	733
Not in my diet but hamburger eaters should be aware * Horsemeat found in hamburgers in Britain & Ireland - 	Horsemeat found in hamburgers in Britain and Ireland 	734
Online internet Aaron Swartz commits suicide , relative says 	Online activist Aaron Swartz commits suicide 	735
Got a flu shot ? Exercising can make it work even better . from 	Exercise Can Boost Flu Shot 's Potency 	736
For #Armstrong it 's about rebuilding a revenue stream the same as always . #doprah 	For Armstrong , a Confession Without Explanation 	737
Disruptions : Design Rivals Technology in Importance : Nice quotes ! 	Disruptions : Disruptions : Design Is Driving Technology Forward 	738
Before there was Dear Sugar , there was Deary Abby : Pauline Phillips , Flinty Adviser to Millions , Dies at 94 	Pauline Phillips , Flinty Adviser to Millions as Dear Abby , Dies at 94 	739
`` France Is Increasing Security at Sites in #Niger and at Home . '' #Uranium #Mali 	France Is Increasing Security at Uranium Sites in Niger 	740
On trial over the illegal use of sea unicorn parts : #dailywhale 	2 Linked to Smuggling Narwhal Tusks Plead Not Guilty 	741
N. Korea defiant on U.N. sanctions 	U.N. Security Council slams North Korea , expands sanctions 	742
Training Tips From Star Athletes #motivation #fitness 	Personal Best : Training Insights From Star Athletes 	743
Interesting article ! She 's -LRB- Rarely -RRB- the Boss 	Op-Ed Columnist : She?s -LRB- Rarely -RRB- the Boss 	744
Christensen : We are living capitalist 's dilemma 	Are we living the capitalist 's dilemma ? 	745
the ginger in me loves that world 's # 1 bachelor is part of the #gingerfamily 	Prince Harry most eligible bachelor 	746
Really people ??? ? : Readers sue Lance Armstrong for book refund after doping admission ? 	Readers sue Armstrong for book refund 	748
British Woman Sentenced to Death in Bali Drug Case 	British Grandmother Sentenced to Death for Smuggling Cocaine Into Bali 	749
DAILY REVIEW : Selected Letters of William Styron #Review 	? Selected Letters of William Styron ? 	750
