but other source close to the sale say Vivendi be keep the door open to further bid and hope to see bidder interested in individual asset team up . 	but other source close to the sale say Vivendi be keep the door open for further bid in the next day or two . 	1
Micron have declare its first quarterly profit for three year . 	Micron 's number also mark the first quarterly profit in three year for the dram manufacturer . 	2
the fine be part of fail republican effort to force or entice the Democrats to return . 	Perry say he back the Senate 's effort , include the fine , to force the Democrats to return . 	3
the american anglican Council , which represent episcopalian conservative , say it will seek authorization to create a separate group . 	the american anglican Council , which represent episcopalian conservative , say it will seek authorization to create a separate province in North America because of last week 's action . 	4
the tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rise 20.96 point to 1595.91 , end at its highest level for 12 month . 	the technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < . ixic > climb 19.11 point , or 1.2 percent , to 1,615.02 . 	5
Amgen share gain 93 cent , or 1.45 percent , to $ 65.05 in afternoon trading on Nasdaq . 	share of Allergan be up 14 cent at $ 78.40 in late trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 	6
U.S. prosecutor have arrest more than 130 individual and have seize more than $ 17 million in a continue crackdown on internet fraud and abuse . 	more than 130 people have be arrest and $ 17 million worth of property seize in a internet fraud sweep announce Friday by three U.S. government agency . 	7
Chavez say investigator feel confident they have get `` at least one of the fire resolve in that regard . '' 	Albuquerque Mayor Martin Chavez say investigator feel confident that with the arrest they have `` at least one of the fire resolve . '' 	8
Authorities say the scientist properly quarantine himself at home after he develop SARS symptom Dec. 10 . 	the scientist also quarantine himself at home as soon as he develop SARS symptom , official say . 	9
the support will come as a free software upgrade call WebVPN for current customer that have support contract . 	the upgrade will be available as a free download for current customer with smarnet support in January 2004 . 	10
the man accuse of use fake grenade to commandeer a cuban plane that land in Key West in April be sentence Friday to 20 year in prison . 	a cuban architect be sentence to 20 year in prison Friday for use two fake grenade to hijack a passenger plane from Cuba to Florida in April . 	11
Jim Williams , director of the US-VISIT project , say that by the middle of November , many arrive passenger in Atlanta will be fingerprint and photograph . 	Jim Williams , director of the US-VISIT project , say that by the middle of November , inspector will be fingerprint and photograph many foreign passenger arrive in Atlanta . 	12
the hearing occur a day after the Pentagon for the first time single out a officer , Dallager , for not address the scandal . 	the hearing come one day after the Pentagon for the first time single out a officer - Dallager - for fail to address the scandal . 	13
the Episcopal Church '' be alienate itself from the anglican Communion , '' say the very Rev. Peter Karanja , provost of the All Saints Cathedral , in Nairobi . 	in Nairobi , the provost of all Saints Cathedral , the very Reverend Peter Karanja , say the US Episcopal Church be alienate itself from the anglican Communion . 	14
county with population decline will be Vermillion , Posey and Madison . 	Vermillion , Posey and Madison County population will decline . 	15
Swartz , indict in February , have argue that New Hampshire be the wrong place to charge he . 	Swartz have seek to have the charge dismiss , say New Hampshire be the wrong place to charge he . 	16
the last time the survey be conduct , in 1995 , those number match . 	in 1995 , the last survey , those number be equal . 	17
higher court have rule that the tablet break the constitutional separation of church and state . 	the federal court have rule that the monument violate the constitutional ban against state-established religion . 	18
they be at Raffles Hospital over the weekend for further evaluation . 	they undergo more test over the weekend , and be now ward at Raffles Hospital . 	19
when the bomb explode at the Casa de España , customer be eat dinner and play bingo . 	at the Casa de Espaa , customer be eat dinner and play bingo when a bomb go off . 	20
Plofsky say the commission will not investigate because the three-year statute of limitation have expire . 	the panel will not begin a formal investigation because the statute of limitation have expire , Plofsky say . 	21
in two week , he will probably send out peace rule in the preakness . 	Frankel say Peace Rules will run in the Preakness stake on May 17 . 	22
if convict of the spy charge , he could face the death penalty . 	the charge of espionage and aid the enemy can carry the death penalty . 	23
the technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index be up 7.60 point , or 0.46 percent , at 1,653.62 . 	the broader Standard & Poor 's 500 index < . SPX > shed 2.38 point , or 0.24 percent , at 995.10 . 	24
Hilsenrath and Klarman each be indict on three count of security fraud . 	Klarman be charge with 16 count of wire fraud . 	25
entrenched interest be position themselves to control the network 's chokepoint and they be lobby the FCC to aid and abet they . 	it may be die because entrenched interest be position themselves to control the Internet 's choke-point and they be lobby the FCC to aid and abet they . '' 	26
but church member and observer say they expect that the decision could be problematic for many Episcopalians . 	but church member and observer say they anticipate that the decision here could pose doctrinal problem for some Episcopalians who believe the Bible prohibit homosexuality . 	27
Squyres be principal investigator for the Athena payload - a collection of science instrument cart by each rover . 	Steve Squyres , a Cornell University scientist , be principal investigator for the mission ' science instrument . 	28
the military say it have kill 12 rebel and capture nine in the campaign so far , for the loss of six soldier wound . 	the military say it have kill 16 rebel and capture nine in the campaign so far , with one soldier kill and six wound . 	29
the new sensor -- dub CANARY for '' cellular analysis and notification of antigen risk and yield '' -- hijack this natural process with two important change . 	the team have name the sensor Canary , for cellular analysis and notification of antigen risk and yield . 	30
Express Scripts ESRX.O share fall 3.6 percent to close at $ 66.89 on the Nasdaq . 	share of Express Scripts ESRX.O fall about 4 percent to $ 66.73 on the Nasdaq in late morning trade . 	31
one , Fort carson-based Sgt. Ernest Bucklew , 33 , have be on he way home to attend he mother 's funeral in Pennsylvania . 	Sgt. Ernest Bucklew , 33 , be come home from Iraq to bury he mother in Pennsylvania . 	32
Police launch a international hunt for Shevaun Pennington after she run away with 31-year-old Toby Studabaker Saturday . 	Shevaun Pennington disappear on Saturday morning after arrange to meet 31-year-old Toby Studabaker . 	33
lawyer and other familiar with the federal investigation say it remain focus on Campbell , though prosecutor decline to discuss the probe . 	while federal prosecutor refuse to discuss the investigation , lawyer and other familiar with it say it remain focus on Campbell . 	34
the Dow Jones industrial average . DJI be off 58.69 point , or 0.64 percent , at 9,137.86 . 	the blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average . DJI fall 86.56 point , or 0.94 percent , to 9,109.99 , after give up more than 1 percent earlier . 	35
Peace Rules defeat funny cide in the Louisiana Derby . 	but neither he nor peace rule could keep Funny Cide from draw away . 	36
Waksal have plead guilty to security fraud and be to be sentence next week . 	Waksal plead guilty to insider trading charge last year , and he be schedule to be sentence June 10 . 	37
he allow two run in seven inning and strike out six . 	Zambrano pitch seven inning and allow two run on five hit and four walk . 	38
still , he say , `` I be absolutely confident we be go to have a bill . '' 	`` I be absolutely confident we be go to have a bill , '' Frist , R-Tenn. , say Thursday . 	39
Boeing say the final agreement be expect to be sign during the next few week . 	the Korean Air deal be expect to be finalize `` in the next several week , '' Boeing spokesman Bob Saling say . 	40
share in EDS close on Thursday at $ 18.51 , a gain of 6 cent . 	share of EDS close Thursday at $ 18.51 , up 6 cent on the New York Stock Exchange . 	41
nationally , the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention record 4,156 case of West Nile , include 284 death . 	there be 293 human case of West Nile in Indiana in 2002 , include 11 death statewide . 	42
a divide Supreme Court rule Monday that Congress can force the nation 's public library to equip computer with anti-pornography filter . 	the Supreme Court say Monday the government can require public library to equip computer with anti-pornography filter , reject librarian ' complaint that the law amount to censorship . 	43
the weakness exist in the way that VBA look at the property of document pass to it when the document be open by a host application . 	the vulnerability exist in the way Microsoft 's Visual Basic for application check document property pass to it when a document be open . 	44
of 24 million phoned-in vote , 50.28 percent be for Studdard , put he 130,000 vote ahead of Aiken . 	of the 24 million phone vote cast , Studdard be only 130,000 vote ahead of Aiken . 	45
consumer still would have to get a descrambling security card from they cable operator to plug into the set . 	to watch pay television , consumer would insert into the set a security card provide by they cable service . 	46
however , we have decide to opt for the european consortium 's engine as the best overall solution and due to the substantial price effort make '' . 	however , we have decide to opt for the european consortium 's engine as the best overall solution . '' 	47
the Food and Drug Administration reject ImClone 's 2001 application to sell Erbitux , cite shoddy research . 	the U.S. Food and Drug Administration reject ImClone 's original application in December 2001 , say the trial have be sloppily conduct . 	48
critic say the law violate civil liberty , something House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner , R-Wis. , say he be sensitive to . 	House Judiciary Committee Chairman James Sensenbrenner , R-Wis. , say he be sensitive to civil liberty complaint . 	49
the Dodgers win they sixth consecutive game they longest win streak since 2001 as they edge Colorado , 3-2 , Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium . 	the Dodgers win they sixth consecutive game and seventh in they last nine as they beat Colorado 3-2 on Wednesday in front of a crowd of 25,332 at Dodger Stadium . 	50
so far , they have search Pennsylvania , Ohio , Michigan , Illinois and Indiana , authority in those state say . 	so far , authority also have search area in Pennsylvania , Ohio , Indiana , and Michigan . 	51
on Thursday , a Washington Post article argue that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed be more likely , contrary to the Wall Street Journal 's line . 	on Thursday , a post article argue that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed be more likely . 	53
Mr. Heatley , who suffer a broken jaw and tear knee ligament , face several charge . 	Heatley undergo surgery Saturday for a broken jaw and a MRI find two tear ligament in he right knee . 	54
Lay have argue that hand over the document would be a violation of he fifth amendment rights against self-incrimination . 	Lay have refuse to turn over the papers , assert he Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination . 	55
Strayhorn say it be the first time in Texas history a comptroller have not certify the appropriation act . 	in a news release Thursday , Strayhorn say this be the first time a comptroller reject a budget . 	56
exclude the charge , analyst , on average , expect a loss of 11 cent a share . 	analyst poll by Thomson Financial First Call have be expect to see a loss of about 11 cent a share from continue operation . 	57
security expert be warn that a new mass-mailing worm be spread widely across the internet , sometimes pose as e-mail from the Microsoft founder . 	a new worm have be spread rapidly across the internet , sometimes pretend to be a e-mail from Microsoft Chairman Bill Gates , antivirus vendor say Monday . 	58
Mr Sahel say police have identify the body of seven of the 14-strong cell believe to have carry out the five almost simultaneous attack on Saturday . 	he say police have identify the body of seven of the 14 bomber who launch five almost simultaneous raid Friday night . 	59
only New Jersey now ban holder of learner permit or intermediate licens from use cell phone , pager or other wireless device while drive . 	in addition , the NTSB also recommend to NHTSA that state legislation be enact to prohibit holder of learner permit and intermediate licens from use mobile phone while drive . 	60
the University of Michigan release today a new admission policy after the U.S. Supreme Court strike down in June the way it previously admit undergraduate . 	the University of Michigan plan to release a new undergraduate admission policy Thursday after its acceptance requirement be reject by the U.S. Supreme Court in June . 	61
the audiotape air last week by the Arab Al-Jazeera television network appear to be a effort to incite attack . 	a audiotape air last week by the Arab al-Jazeera television network may be the strongest evidence yet that Saddam survive the war . 	62
former company chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi plead guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agree to cooperate with prosecutor . 	last week , former chief financial officer Franklyn Bergonzi plead guilty to one count of conspiracy and agree to cooperate with the government 's investigation . 	63
the company do not detail the cost of the replacement and repair . 	but company official expect the cost of the replacement work to run into the million of dollar . 	64
Dean tell reporter travel on he 10-city `` Sleepless Summer '' tour that he consider campaigning in Texas a challenge . 	today , Dean end he four-day , 10-city `` Sleepless Summer '' tour in Chicago and New York . 	65
`` I feel that if I disagree with Rosie too much I would lose my job , '' she say . 	Cavender do say : `` I feel that if I disagree with Rosie too much I would lose my job . '' 	66
the device play Internet radio stream and come with a 30-day trial of RealNetworks ' rhapsody music service . 	the product also stream Internet radio and come with a 30-day free trial for RealNetworks ' Rhapsody digital music subscription service . 	67
the dollar fall as low as $ 1.1624 per euro from $ 1.1486 on Friday , and trade at $ 1.1594 at 10:15 a.m. in London . 	the dollar drop to $ 1.1564 per euro at 7:30 a.m. in London from $ 1.1486 on Friday . 	68
the american decision provoke a angry reaction from the european Commission , which describe the move as `` legally unwarranted , economically unfounded and politically unhelpful '' . 	the european Commission , the EU 's powerful executive body , describe the move as `` legally unwarranted , economically unfounded and politically unhelpful . '' 	69
Ms. Cripps-Prawak leave last Friday , two day after the department introduce a plan to distribute medical marijuana through doctor ' office . 	the director of the Office of Medical access , Cindy Cripps-Prawak , leave she job after the department introduce a plan to distribute marijuana through doctor ' office . 	70
during 2001 and 2002 , Morgenthau say , wire transfer from just four of Beacon Hill 's 40 account total more than $ 3.2 billion . 	wire transfer from four of the 40 account open at Beacon Hill total more than $ 3.2 billion from 2001 to 2002 , Morgenthau say . 	71
last year , he make a unsuccessful bid for the democratic nomination for governor . 	he run last year for the democratic nomination for Texas governor , but lose the primary to multimillionaire Tony Sanchez . 	72
the nation 's largest retailer have tell its 100 top supplier they have to start use electronic tag on all pallet of goods by Jan. 25 , 2005 . 	Wal-Mart have tell its top 100 supplier that they will need to have radio-frequency id system in place for track pallet of goods through the supply chain by Jan. 25 , 2005 . 	73
he be take to a hospital for precautionary x-ray on he neck . 	Harvey be take to St. Luke 's hospital for precautionary neck x-ray , which come back negative . 	74
during the hearing , Morales express `` sincere regret and remorse '' for he action . 	Morales , who plead guilty in July , express `` sincere regret and remorse '' for he crime . 	75
the bill say that a woman who undergo such a abortion could not be prosecute . 	a woman who undergo such a abortion could not be prosecute under the bill . 	76
U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus rule that the akron-based company should have determine that change at one of its plant would increase overall pollution emission . 	FirstEnergy Corp. should have determine that modernize one of its plant would increase overall pollution emission , U.S. District Judge Edmund Sargus rule Thursday . 	77
site finder have be visit 65 million time since its introduction , Galvin say . 	through Sunday , Sept. 21 , site finder have be visit over 65 million time by internet user . 	78
there be 103 democrat in the assembly and 47 republican . 	Democrats dominate the assembly while Republicans control the Senate . 	79
Mr Pollard say : `` this be a terrible personal tragedy and a shocking blow for James 's family . 	Nick Pollard , the head of Sky News say : `` this be a shocking blow for James 's family . 	80
`` I come basically to Washington to establish relationship and to make sure that we be get more federal money to California , '' Schwarzenegger say after meet with congressional Republicans . 	`` I come to Washington basically to establish relationship and make sure we be get more federal money , '' Schwarzenegger say after one meeting . 	81
the latest snapshot of the labor market be slightly better than economist be expect ; they be forecast claim to fall no lower than 410,000 for last week . 	despite problem in the job market , the latest snapshot of the labor market be slightly better than economist be expect . 	82
`` they be toss around like feather , '' Gordon say . 	`` the concrete barrier -lrb- between lane -rrb- be be toss around like feather . '' 	83
Chante Jawan Mallard , 27 , go on trial Monday , charge with first-degree murder . 	Chante Jawaon Mallard , 27 , be charge with murder and tamper with evidence . 	84
`` it be the only vehicle on which established economy will be able to compete , '' Barrett say . 	`` it be the only vehicle on which established economy will be able to compete '' with fast-growing economy such as China and India , Barrett say . 	85
Linda Saunders plead guilty in federal court to six charge , include extortion , money laundering and conspiracy . 	former Phipps aide Linda Saunders and Bobby McLamb have both plead guilty to federal charge include extortion . 	86
Vivendi share close 3.8 percent up in Paris at 15.78 euro . 	Vivendi share be 0.3 percent up at 15.62 euro in Paris at 0841 GMT . 	87
Microsoft have identify the freely distribute Linux software as one of the biggest threat to its sale . 	the company have publicly identify linux as one of its biggest competitive threat . 	88
Antonio Monteiro de Castro , 58 , currently director of the group 's Latin America & Caribbean operation , will become chief operate officer from the same date . 	bat also say Antonio Monteiro de Castro , director for Latin America and the Caribbean , would become chief operate officer on January 1 , 2004 . 	89
`` spin and manipulative public relation and propaganda be not the answer , '' it say . 	the report add that `` spin '' and manipulative public relation `` be not the answer , '' but that neither be avoid the debate . 	90
another shooting link to the spree occur Nov. 11 at Hamilton Central Elementary in Obetz , about two mile from the freeway . 	the latest shooting link to the spree be a Nov. 11 shooting at Hamilton Township Elementary School in Obetz , about two mile from the freeway . 	91
on Tuesday , the central bank leave interest rate steady , as expect , but also declare that overall risk be weighted toward weakness and warn of deflation risk . 	the central bank 's policy board leave rate steady for now , as widely expect , but surprise the market by declare that overall risk be weighted toward weakness . 	92
the new system cost between $ 1.1 million and $ 22 million , depend on configuration . 	the system be price from us$ 1.1 million to $ 22.4 million , depend on configuration . 	93
fighting erupt after four north korean journalist confront a dozen south korean activist protest human rights abuse in the North outside the main media centre . 	trouble flare when at least four north korean reporter rush from the Taegu media centre to confront a dozen activist protest against human rights abuse in the North . 	94
dusty have battle kidney cancer for more than a year . 	dusty have surgery for cancer in 2001 and have a kidney remove . 	95
accord to SunnComm 's Peter Jacobs , `` MediaMax perform exactly as ` advertised ' to the company who purchase it . 	`` MediaMax perform exactly as `` advertised '' to the company who purchase it , '' Jacobs say in the statement . 	96
Kadyrov be not injure , but four of he bodyguard be among those kill . 	but Itar-Tass news agency say four of he bodyguard be among those kill by the bomb . 	97
the router will be available in the first quarter of 2004 and will cost around $ 200 , the company say . 	Netgear price the WGT634U Super Wireless Media Router , which will be available in the first quarter of 2004 , at under $ 200 . 	98
the commission estimate California lose $ 1.34 billion -- the most of any state -- to tax shelter in 2001 . 	the commission estimate California lose $ 937 million to corporate tax shelter in 2001 . 	99
the official do not say whether U.S. force cross into syrian territory and be vague about how the syrian border guard become involve . 	U.S. official do not say whether american force , who be act on intelligence , cross into syrian territory and be vague about how the syrian guard be involve . 	100
VeriSign introduce its site finder service on Sept. 15 . 	the battle around VeriSign `` s three-week-old site finder service rage on . 	101
on Monday , as first report by CNET News.com , the RIAA withdraw a DMCA notice to Penn State University 's astronomy and astrophysics department . 	last Thursday , the RIAA send a stiff copyright warn to Penn State 's department of astronomy and astrophysics . 	102
Druce be still be hold at the prison and be now in isolation , she say . 	Druce last night be hold in isolation at the same prison . 	103
the first health-care worker in the country to die of SARS be a Filipina-Canadian who contract the disease at North York General Hospital , the site of the second outbreak . 	Emile Laroza , 51 , contract SARS while work as a nurse at North York General Hospital , the epicentre of the second sars outbreak . 	104
they leader , Abu Bakr al-Azdi , turn himself in in June ; he deputy be kill in a recent shootout with saudi force . 	they leader , Abu Bakr al-Azdi , surrender in June ; he deputy be kill in a shoot-out with saudi force recently . 	105
after Freitas ' opening statement , King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel recess trial until after the Thanksgiving weekend . 	King County Superior Court Judge Charles Mertel will then recess the trial until Monday . 	106
Google 's investor include prominent vc firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers and Sequoia Capital , the paper note . 	Google 's early stage backer in include california-based Stanford University and VC firm Kleiner Perkins and Sequoia Capital . 	107
July 1st be the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong 's return to chinese rule . 	the rally overshadow ceremony mark the sixth anniversary of Hong Kong 's return to China on 1 July 1997 . 	108
Palm Wednesday announce plan to acquire Handspring , a company start by Jeff Hawkins , regard by many as the father of the Palm handheld . 	Palm say on Wednesday it plan to buy Handspring , a company create by renegade Palm co-founder Jeff Hawkins . 	109
`` I be not go to be sponsor it because it be not we proposal but I be not go to be negative about it '' . 	`` I be not go to be sponsor it because it be not we proposal , but I be not respond to it in a negative way , '' he say . 	110
the government recently shelve peace talk with the MILF , be broker by Malaysia , after a string of attack , include three bombing , on Mindanao . 	the government recently shelve peace talk be broker by neighbour Malaysia after a spate of attack on Mindanao , include three deadly bombing , that it blame on the MILF . 	111
the company post a profit of $ 54.3 million , or 22 cent per share , in the year-ago period . 	that be up from the year-ago quarter , when the company earn $ 54.3 million , or 22 cent a share . 	112
join Boston on Monday be the Massachusetts community of Watertown , Saugus and Framingham . 	along with Boston , Watertown , Saugus and Framingham also be go smoke-free Monday . 	113
he be track to Atlanta where he be arrest on Tuesday night . 	he be arrest in Atlanta , Georgia , on Monday night by police act on a tip-off . 	114
israeli soldier knock down empty mobile home and water tower in 10 tiny West Bank settlement outpost overnight as part of a us-backed mideast peace plan . 	israeli soldier begin tear down settlement outpost in the West Bank yesterday - a israeli obligation under a new mideast peace plan . 	115
the union have not yet reveal which chain would be target . 	the union say it would reveal later which chain would be target . 	116
get it all out , '' say Howard Davidowitz , chairman of Davidowitz & Associates , a national retail consulting firm base in New York City . 	innocent or not , `` she be damage goods , '' say Howard Davidowitz , chairman of Davidowitz & Associates , a national retail consulting firm in New York . 	117
the update product include Pylon pro , Pylon Conduit , Pylon Anywhere , and Pylon application server . 	the new product on the desktop side include the latest version of Pylon Conduit and Pylon pro . 	118
Dixon be otherwise the class of the field at Pikes Peak International Raceway . 	Scott Dixon eventually make win the Honda Indy 225 look easy Sunday at Pikes Peak International Raceway . 	119
turkish authority have say all the suicide bomber be Turks . 	Ankara say all four suicide bomber be turkish . 	120
in April , it have forecast operating earnings in the range of 60 to 80 cent a share . 	Kodak expect earnings of 5 cent to 25 cent a share in the quarter . 	121
from Florida to Alaska , thousand of reveler vow to push for more legal rights , include same-sex marriage . 	thousand of reveller , celebrate the decision , vow to push for more legal rights , include same-sex marriage . 	122
by Sunday night , the fire have blacken 277,000 acre , hundred of mile apart . 	major fire have burn 264,000 acre by early last night . 	123
other with such a status be Egypt , Israel , and Australia . 	nation like Israel and Australia already have such status . 	124
the finding appear in Wednesday 's Journal of the American Medical Association -lrb- news - web site -rrb- . 	the result be to be publish in Wednesday 's issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association . 	125
additionally , the h2210 's cradle have room to charge a second battery . 	the cradle for the h2200 have space for recharge a second battery . 	126
U.S. force strike dozen of target on Monday , kill six guerrilla and arrest 21 other , the military say . 	U.S. force strike dozen of target on Monday , kill six guerrilla and arrest 99 other during 1,729 patrol and 25 raid conduct over 24 hour . 	127
`` close co-operation between law-enforcement agency and intelligence service lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism , '' Mr Howard say . 	close cooperation between regional law enforcement agency and intelligence service be at the heart of the fight against terrorism , he say . 	129
in 2006 , the group say the market will rebind 29.6 percent to $ 21.3 billion in sale . 	in 2006 , Asia Pacific will report growth of 7.9 percent to $ 81.8 billion . 	130
Captain Robert Ramsey of the US 1st Armoured Division say a truck have explode outside the building about 11am , and that one of the compound 's outer wall have collapse . 	Captain Robert Ramsey of US 1St Armored Division say a truck have explode outside the building at around 11 am . 	131
they come despite what ba call a `` difficult quarter '' , which it say include unofficial industrial action at Heathrow . 	ba say the second quarter , which include unofficial industrial action at Heathrow , have be difficult . 	132
this northern autumn US trainer will work with soldier from four north african country on patrolling and gathering intelligence . 	later this year , the command will send trainer with soldier from four north african nation on patrolling and intelligence gathering mission . 	133
the Bush administration blame Hussein loyalist and foreign muslim militant who have enter Iraq to fight U.S. troops for the wave of bombing and guerrilla attack . 	the Bush administration blame the wave of bombing and guerrilla attack on Saddam loyalist and foreign muslim militant who have enter Iraq to fight U.S. troops . 	134
it later emerge that he have break he right thigh and bone in he right wrist and elbow . 	tour doctor later confirm that he have break he right leg near the hip and also sustain wrist and elbow fracture . 	135
the author be one of several defense expert expect to testify . 	Spitz be expect to testify later for the defense . 	136
`` the figure be become catastrophic , '' say Dr. Patrick Pelloux , the president of the association of emergency room physician . 	this be unacceptable , '' say Patrick Pelloux , the president of France 's Association of Emergency doctor . 	137
`` whatever have happen to you by way of punishment be certainly more than enough , '' Covello tell the 49-year-old , whose family , friend and supporter fill half the courtroom . 	`` what have happen to you , sir , by way of punishment , be certainly more than enough , '' Covello say . 	138
the mother also allege in the lawsuit that she be sexually assault by one of the guard . 	the mother also contend that she be sexually assault by one of the guard during the 1998 confrontation . 	139
as part of a restructuring Peregrine sell its Remedy help desk software unit last year to BMC Software Inc. . 	Peregrine sell its Remedy business unit to BMC Software in November for $ 355 million . 	141
yes , from today flash memory purchase from AMD or Fujitsu will be brand Spansion . 	Spansion Flash memory solution be available worldwide from AMD and Fujitsu . 	142
the world 's two largest automaker say they U.S. sale decline more than predict last month as a late summer sale frenzy cause more of a industry backlash than expect . 	domestic sale at both GM and no. 2 Ford Motor Co. decline more than predict as a late summer sale frenzy prompt a larger-than-expected industry backlash . 	143
a tropical storm rapidly develop in the Gulf of Mexico Sunday and be expect to hit somewhere along the Texas or Louisiana coast by Monday night . 	a tropical storm rapidly develop in the Gulf of Mexico on Sunday and could have hurricane-force wind when it hit land somewhere along the Louisiana coast Monday night . 	144
the pressure may well rise on Thursday , with national coverage of the final round plan by ESPN , the cable sport network . 	the pressure will intensify today , with national coverage of the final round plan by ESPN and word that be even more difficult . 	145
Pataki praise Abraham 's decision , and LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel say the cable should be keep in operation permanently . 	LIPA Chairman Richard Kessel say that mean the cable could be use `` as we see fit . 	146
part of the accord be the implementation of a special health council that would monitor health spending and progress in reform the health system . 	a key portion of the accord be the implementation of a special council to monitor health spending , set goal for the system and measure progress in reform health care . 	147
Dynes come to uc San Diego in 1991 after 22 year as a physicist with AT&T Bell Labs . 	Dynes have be at uc San Diego since 1991 after spend 22 year with AT&T Bell Labs , where he work on superconductor and other material . 	148
share in ba be down 1.5 percent at 168 pence by 1420 GMT , off a low of 164p , in a slightly stronger overall London market . 	the Senate agree Tuesday to lift a 10-year-old ban on the research and development of low-yield nuclear weapon . 	both the House and Senate bill would end the ban on research and development of low-yield nuclear weapon . 	150
meningitis be a infection of the spinal cord fluid and the tissue around the brain . 	meningitis be a infection of the fluid in a person 's spinal cord and around the brain . 	151
the company , Chiron and Aventis Pasteur , together make about 80 million dose of the inject vaccine , which ordinarily would have be enough to meet U.S. demand . 	Chiron and Aventis Pasteur together make about 80 million dose , ordinarily enough for U.S. demand , the Associated Press report . 	152
Mayor Joe T. Parker say late Thursday that the three worker be two man and a woman who be inside the building when the first blast occur . 	the miss worker , two man and a woman , be inside the building when the first blast occur , Mayor Joe T. Parker say . 	153
london-based NCRI official Ali Safavi tell Reuters : `` we condemn this raid , which be in we view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable . '' 	`` we condemn this raid which be in we view illegal and morally and politically unjustifiable , '' london-based NCRI official Ali Safavi tell Reuters by telephone . 	154
investigator uncover a 4-inch bone fragment from beneath the concrete slab Thursday , but it turn out to be a animal bone , authority say . 	investigator uncover a 4-inch bone fragment Thursday night , but authority say it be from a animal . 	155
join Stern and McEntee on stage be International Union of Painters and Allied Trades President James Williams . 	the International Union of Painters and Allied Trades endorse Mr Dean several week ago . 	156
it explode in he hand , but the former italian prime minister be unhurt . 	the letter bomb send to Prodi explode in he hand but he be unhurt . 	157
some 95 million Americans -- half of all household -- invest in mutual fund . 	about half of all U.S. household have money in mutual fund . 	158
Halabi 's military attorney , Air Force Maj. James Key , deny the charge , which could carry a death penalty . 	the attorney represent al-Halabi , Air Force Maj. James Key III , deny the charge , accord to the Associated Press . 	159
Waksal , in a letter to the court , say : `` I tear my family apart . 	in seek leniency , Waksal apologize to the court , he employee and he family . 	160
since early May , the city have receive 1,400 report of dead blue jay and crow , Jayroe say . 	since early May , the city have receive 1,400 report , he say . 	161
but Forest , the Freedom Organisation for the Right to enjoy Smoking tobacco , say : '' mention the word prohibition and everyone know what happen there . 	forest , the Freedom Organisation for the Right to enjoy Smoking tobacco , say it have greet the Lancet 's call with `` amusement and disbelief ' '' . 	162
the House have pass prescription-drug legislation in the last two session , but the Senate have fail to do so . 	the House have pass bill the past two congress , but the Senate have not . 	163
once convert , BayStar will own a aggregate of approximately 2.95 million share of SCO common stock or 17.5 percent of the company 's outstanding share . 	the investment give Larkspur , calif.-based BayStar more than 2.9 million share of SCO common stock , or 17.5 percent of the company 's outstanding share . 	164
the elderly and those with weakened immune system be also urge to protect against mosquito bite . 	but for the elderly and those with weakened immune system , it can be fatal . 	165
OPEC producer at a meeting on Wednesday be set to pressure independent oil exporter to contribute to the cartel 's next supply cut to allow for the return of iraqi oil . 	OPEC this week be set to pressure independent exporter to back the cartel 's next supply cut to prevent the resumption of iraqi export undercut oil price . 	166
the Winston-Salem , North Carolina company open six store during the quarter , bring the total to 282 . 	six new Krispy Kreme store be open in the first quarter , bring the total number of store to 282 . 	167
Ms Lafferty 's lawyer , Thomas Ezzell , tell a Kentucky newspaper : `` my understanding of this be that there be a lower percentage of successful impregnation with frozen . 	`` my understanding of this be that there be a lower percentage of successful impregnation with frozen , '' Ezzell say . 	168
the Federal Trade Commission -lrb- FTC -rrb- ask Congress today for additional authority to fight unwanted internet spam , which now account for up to half of all e-mail traffic . 	the Federal Trade Commission ask Congress yesterday for broader power to attack the rapidly grow problem of spam , which new study show account for half of all e-mail traffic . 	169
a federal grand jury indict they on Tuesday ; the document be seal until yesterday to allow authority to make arrest . 	Federal official say the document remain seal until Thursday morning to allow authority to make arrest in five western state . 	170
people who have oppose these action throughout be now try to find fresh reason to say this be not the right thing to do . '' 	`` what be happen here be that people who have oppose this action throughout be try to find fresh reason why it be not the right thing to do . '' 	171
Klarman be arrest by FBI agent in the Hamptons , a exclusive summer resort enclave east of New York City . 	Klarman be arrest by FBI agent Monday morning at he home in New York . 	172
the bishop tell police he think he have hit a dog or a cat or that someone have throw a rock at he vehicle . 	Bishop O'Brien , aged 67 , have tell police he think he have hit a dog or cat . 	173
the report also claim that there will be up to 9.3 million visitor to hot spot this year , up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002 . 	there will be 9.3 million visitor to hot spot in 2003 , up from 2.5 million in 2002 , Gartner say . 	174
Richard Miller remain hospitalize after undergo a liver transplant , but he wife have recover . 	Richard Miller , 57 , survive a lifesaving liver transplant but remain hospitalize . 	175
Sequent representative could not immediately be reach for comment on the SCO announcement . 	a spokesman for SCO could not be reach for comment this afternoon . 	176
the proportion of people cover by employer drop from 62.3 percent in 2001 to 61.3 percent last year . 	the proportion of Americans with insurance from employer decline to 61.3 percent , from 62.6 percent in 2001 and 63.6 percent in 2000 . 	177
world no. 2 Lleyton Hewitt have accuse the association of tennis professional of malice , include a alleged attempt last year to dupe he into refuse a drug test . 	World no. 2 Lleyton Hewitt have accuse he professional peer of long-standing malice , include a attempt last year to dupe he into refuse a drug test . 	178
family stick on the highway remain in they car , and use they cell phone to call home . 	family stick on the highway be be urge to remain in they car , and to use they cell phone only in case of emergency . 	180
in connection with the incident , I have acknowledge that I behave inappropriately . '' 	`` I have acknowledge that I behave inappropriately , '' he say . 	181
a promotional poster , complete with countdown dial , remind reader of the upcome release of `` Harry Potter and the order of the Phoenix . '' 	the crate be full of hardback copy of `` Harry Potter and the order of the Phoenix . '' 	182
a spokesman say : `` since November , we have co-operate fully with the police . 	it add it have `` co-operated fully '' with police since November . 	183
woman who eat potato and other tuberous vegetable during pregnancy may be at risk of trigger type 1 diabetes in they child , Melbourne researcher believe . 	australian researcher believe they have find a trigger of type 1 diabetes in child - they mother eat potato and other tuberous vegetable during pregnancy . 	184
the broad Standard & Poor 's 500 index . SPX inch up 3 point , or 0.32 percent , to 970 . 	the technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index . IXIC lose 2 point , or 0.18 percent , to 1,649 . 	185
people who once think they blood pressure be fine actually may be well on they way to hypertension under new U.S. guideline publish on Wednesday . 	people who once think they blood pressure be fine actually need to start exercise and eat better , accord to new U.S. guideline publish on Wednesday . 	186
`` further testing be still under way , but at this stage , give the early detection , the outlook in such instance would be positive , '' the specialist say yesterday . 	`` but at this stage , give the early detection , the outlook in such instance would be positive , '' he say . 	187
Amazon also report that the New York Attorney General 's office have settle civil fraud charge with one of the spoofer it identify . 	Amazon and the New York attorney general 's office have already settle with one of the alleged e-mail forger . 	188
the lead actress nod go to energetic newcomer Marissa Jaret Winokur as Edna 's daughter Tracy . 	Marissa Jaret Winokur , as Tracy , win for best actress in a musical . 	189
in morning trading , the Dow Jones industrial average be up 40.12 , or 0.5 percent , at 8,571.69 , have fall 51 point Monday . 	in New York , the Dow Jones industrial average a gauge of 30 blue chip stock be up 3.29 point or 0.04 per cent to 8,585.97 . 	190
for the entire season , the average five-day forecast track error be 259 mile , Franklin say . 	`` the average track error for the five-day -lrb- forecast -rrb- be 323 nautical mile . 	191
Rich media double its share , increase from 3 % in q2 2002 to 6 % in q2 2003 . 	Rich Media interactive ad format double they share from 3 % in second quarter of 2002 , to 6 % in the second quarter of 2003 . 	192
`` it appear from we initial report that this be a textbook landing consider the circumstance , '' Burke say . 	Said Mr. Burke : `` it be a textbook landing consider the circumstance . '' 	193
Allegiant share rise $ 4 , or $ 17.2 percent , to $ 27.43 in Thursday morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market . 	Allegiant 's stock close Wednesday at $ 23.40 , up 64 cent , in trading on the Nasdaq market . 	194
by state law , 911 call be not public information and be not release . 	by law , 911 call be not public information in Rhode Island . 	195
the ADRs fall 10 cent to $ 28.95 at 10:06 a.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading today . 	share of Fox Entertainment Group Inc. , News Corp. 's U.S. media and entertainment arm , fall 45 cent to $ 26.85 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 	196
it will take time to oust die-hard remnant of Saddam Hussein 's depose regime in Iraq , Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld say Tuesday . 	Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld say Tuesday it will take time to locate die-hard remnant of Saddam Hussein 's depose regime in Iraq . 	197
Orange share jump as much as 15 percent . 	France Telecom share drop 3.6 percent while Orange surge 13 percent . 	198
Bremer say one initiative be to launch a $ 70 million nationwide program in the next two week to clean up neighborhood and build community project . 	Bremer say he would launch a $ 70-million program in the next two week to clean up neighborhood across Iraq and build community project , but give no detail . 	199
a search for three miss teenager uncover at least two body bury beneath freshly pour concrete in the basement of a house , authority say Wednesday . 	Authorities perform a autopsy Thursday on one of three body recover from beneath a layer of freshly pour concrete in the basement of a northwest Indiana home . 	200
Sayliyah be the command base for the Iraq war , but Central command send hundred who run the war back home to Tampa , Florida . 	as Sayliyah be the command base for the Iraq war , but hundred who run the war have return to the United States . 	201
beleaguered telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies be be investigate by two federal agency for possible violation of U.S. bribery law in its operation in Saudi Arabia . 	two federal agency be investigate telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for possible violation of U.S. bribery law in its operation in Saudi Arabia . 	202
SCO say the pricing term for a license will not be announce for week . 	detail on pricing will be announce within a few week , McBride say . 	203
the Nasdaq composite index add 30.46 point , or 2 percent , to 1,520.15 . 	the Nasdaq have a weekly gain of 17.27 , or 1.2 percent , close at 1,520.15 after gain 30.46 yesterday . 	204
the British Foreign Office say Monday that coalition authority in Iraq be please that the man be free . 	the British Foreign Office say it have mediate the two man 's release . 	205
Wal-Mart estimate more than 100 million Americans visit they store every week . 	each week 138 million shopper visit Wal-Mart 's 4,750 store . 	206
source within the racing industry have tell the Daily Bulletin that Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend start next season . 	source in the racing industry say Fontana will get a second NASCAR race on Labor Day weekend start next season . 	207
add Mr. Prodi : `` maybe , but the old age help we to understand we strength and we weakness . '' 	`` maybe , but the old age help we to understand we strength and we weakness and the reality of the world . 	208
`` I be proud that I stand against Richard Nixon , not with he , '' Kerry say . 	`` I march in the street against Richard Nixon and the Vietnam War , '' she say . 	209
he claim Red Hat and the Free Software Foundation with try to undermine U.S. copyright and patent law . 	in he letter , McBride charge the Free Software Foundation and Red hat with try to undermine U.S. copyright law . 	210
share of Corixa be gain 71 cent , or 10 % , to $ 7.91 on the Nasdaq . 	in late-morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market , Corixa be up 74 cent , or 10 % , at $ 7.94 . 	211
Police then call a bomb squad , but the device explode , kill Wells , before bomb technician arrive . 	while wait for a bomb squad to arrive , the bomb explode , kill Wells . 	212
spokesman for the FBI , CIA , Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian mount police decline to comment on El Shukrijumah 's stay in Canada . 	the FBI , CIA , Canadian Security Intelligence Service and Royal Canadian mount police decline to comment on the Washington Times report . 	213
`` this have be a persistent problem that have not be solve , '' investigation board member Steven Wallace say . 	`` this be a persistent problem which have not be solve , mechanically and physically , '' say board member Steven Wallace . 	214
the Dow Jones industrial average . dji end up 56.79 point , or 0.67 percent , at 8,588.36 -- its highest level since January 17 . 	the Dow Jones Industrial Average -lrb- $ DJ : news , chart , profile -rrb- rise 56 point , or 0.7 percent , to 8,588 . 	215
`` american do not cut and run , we have to see this misadventure through , '' she say . 	she also pledge to bring peace to Iraq : `` american do not cut and run , we have to see this misadventure through . '' 	216
at 12 month there be still a difference in function , although it be not a significant one . 	at 12 month , there be still a difference between the group , but it be not consider significant . 	217
`` there be no doubt about the chemical programme , biological programme , indeed nuclear programme , indeed all that be document by the UN , '' he say . 	he add : `` there be no doubt about the chemical programme , the biological programme and indeed the nuclear weapon programme . 	218
`` it just seem like all the issue that we support , he do not , '' say Gabriela Lemus of LULAC . 	`` it just seem like all the issue that we support he do not , '' say Gabriela Lemus , the league 's director of policy and legislation . 	219
`` city-grown pollution , and ozone in particular , be tougher on country tree , '' say Cornell University ecologist Jillian Gregg . 	`` I know this sound counterintuitive , but it be true : city-grown pollution -- and ozone in particular -- be tougher on country tree , '' U.S. ecologist Jillian Gregg say . 	220
Ridge say no real explosive or harmful device will be use in the exercise . 	Ridge say that no actual explosive or other harmful substance will be use . 	221
Dennehy , who transfer to Baylor last year after get kick off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrum , have begin to read the Bible daily . 	Dennehy , who transfer to Baylor last year after get kick off the University of New Mexico Lobos for temper tantrum , become a born-again Christian in June 2002 . 	222
this be America , my friend , and it should not happen here , '' he say to loud applause . 	`` this be America , my friend , and it should not happen here . '' 	223
Bashir feel he be be try by opinion not on the fact , Mahendradatta tell Reuters . 	Bashir also feel he be be try by opinion rather than fact of law , he add . 	224
Schofield get Toepfer to admit on cross-examination that she ignore many of O'Donnell 's suggestion and project . 	but under cross-examination by O'Donnell 's attorney , Lorna Schofield , Toepfer concede she have ignore many of O'Donnell 's suggestion and project . 	225
the Standard & Poor 's 500 Index slip 4.77 , or 0.5 percent , to 929.62 . 	the broad Standard & Poor 's 500 index . SPX shed 0.17 of a point , or just 0.02 percent , to 934 . 	226
on May 1 , he crawl through a narrow , wind canyon , rappell down a 60-foot cliff and walk some six mile down the canyon . 	he crawl through a narrow , wind canyon , rappell down a 60-foot cliff , and walk some six mile down the canyon near Canyonlands National Park in southeastern Utah . 	227
Amnesty International have say that over the past 20 year it have collect information about 17,000 disappearance in Iraq but the actual figure may be much higher . 	Amnesty International say that over the past 20 year it have collect information about 17,000 disappearance in Iraq . 	228
the Dow Jones Industrial Average fall 0.7 per cent to 9,547.43 while the S&P 500 be 0.8 per cent weaker at 1,025.79 . 	the Dow Jones industrial average < . DJI > fall 44 point , or 0.46 percent , to 9,568 . 	229
Texas Instruments climb $ 1.37 to $ 19.25 yesterday and Novellus Systems Inc. advance $ 1.76 to $ 36.31 . 	Texas Instruments climb $ us1 .37 to $ us19 .25 and Novellus Systems advance $ us1 .76 to $ us36 .31 , each have be raise to `` overweight '' by Lehman . 	230
she ask to be excuse from last week 's Cabinet session to prepare for a meeting with the president of Rwanda and Uganda . 	she take the highly unusual step of skip cabinet to attend a meeting with the president of Rwanda and Uganda . 	231
`` we hope all party will continue to make effort and continue the process of dialogue , '' the Chinese Foreign Ministry say in a statement . 	China 's foreign ministry say : `` we hope all party will continue to make effort and continue the process of dialogue . '' 	232
School official say Van-Vliet report the accident use the bus ' radio . 	Van-Vliet , who be also injure , call in the accident on the school bus radio . 	233
in a mixture of ancient pagan and modern christian rite , the villager have stage a series of ceremony hope to erase the misfortune they believe have keep they poor . 	in a mixture of ancient melanesian pagan and modern christian ceremony the people try again to erase the misfortune they believe have keep they poor since that long-ago meal . 	234
the Dow Jones industrial average . DJI edge up 13.33 point , or 0.15 percent , to 9,196.55 . 	the Dow Jones industrial average < . DJI > be off 7.75 point , or 0.08 percent , at 9,175.47 . 	235
Monkeypox be usually find only in central and western Africa . 	Prairie dog , usually find in southwestern and western state , be not indigenous to Wisconsin . 	236
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett decline to comment on personnel matter Tuesday . 	Mr. Mills decline to comment yesterday , say that he never discuss personnel matter . 	237
in that case , the court hold that Cincinnati have violate the First Amendment in ban only the advertising pamphlet in the interest of aesthetics . 	in that case , the court hold that the city of Cincinnati have violate the First Amendment in ban , in the interest of aesthetics , only the advertising pamphlet . 	238
the film be the second of a trilogy , which will wrap up in November with the Matrix Revolutions . 	`` Reloaded '' be the second installment of a trilogy ; `` the Matrix Revolutions '' be slate for debut in November . 	239
in addition , the Justice Department say that the FBI have conduct '' fewer than 10 '' investigation involve visit to mosque . 	in addition , `` fewer than 10 '' FBI office have conduct investigation involve visit to islamic mosque , the Justice Department say . 	240
the launch coincide with the JavaOne developer ' conference in San Francisco this week . 	the news also come in conjunction with Suns annual JavaOne developer conference in San Francisco . 	241
a Royal Duty be base on he experience with Diana , Princess of Wales and letter allegedly to and from she . 	the royal household be brace itself for any more revelation in a Royal Duty , base on the former servant 's time with Diana , Princess of Wales . 	242
the army say the raid , which come just day after israeli troops shoot and kill Abdullah Kawasme , the Hamas leader in the city , target militant in Hamas . 	the arrest come just day after israeli troops shoot and kill Abdullah Kawasme , the militant group 's leader in Hebron . 	243
its former chief Mickey Robinson be fire for cause when he leave in September , the company say . 	Chief Executive Mickey Robinson be fire for cause in September , the company say last month . 	244
SARS go on to claim the life of 44 people in the Toronto area , include two nurse and a doctor . 	the virus kill 44 people in the Toronto area , include one doctor and two nurse . 	245
Apple Computer 's new online music service sell more than 1 million song during its first week of operation , the company say Monday . 	Apple Computer Inc. say Monday it exceed record industry expectation by sell more than 1 million song since the launch of its online music store a week ago . 	246
he have be arrest twice before for trespassing and bar from the complex - home to he mother and two child . 	he have be arrest twice before for trespassing and be bar from the complex . 	247
Oracle Corp 's Chairman and CEO Larry Ellison do not rule out sweeten the company 's unsolicited offer to acquire rival PeopleSoft Inc. . 	Oracle chairman Larry Ellison have hint that the company could yet again increase its offer for rival PeopleSoft . 	248
Box cutter be use as a weapon by the Sept. 11 , 2001 , hijacker and have since be ban as carry-on item . 	Box cutter be the weapon use by the 19 hijacker in the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attack . 	249
the portuguese weather service say Europe 's heatwave be cause by a mass of hot , dry air move from the southeast . 	the heatwave be due to a mass of hot , dry air from the southeast , say Mario Almeida of Portugal 's weather service . 	250
`` spending taxpayer dollar to create terrorism bet parlor be as wasteful as it be repugnant , '' they announce at a press conference yesterday . 	`` spending taxpayer dollar to create terrorism bet parlor be as wasteful as it be repugnant , '' Wyden and Dorgan say Monday in a letter to the Pentagon . 	251
still , the `` somewhat ambiguous ruling '' might be a setback for Static Control depend on how it develop its compete product , Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich say . 	but Merrill Lynch analyst Steven Milunovich say the `` somewhat ambiguous ruling '' by regulator might be a setback for Static Control depend on how it develop its compete product . 	252
police believe Wilson shoot Reynolds , then she mother once in the head before fatally turn the gun on herself . 	police believe Wilson then shoot Jennie Mae Robinson once in the head before turn the gun on herself . 	253
on July 22 , Moore announce he would appeal the case directly to the U.S. Supreme Court . 	Moore of Alabama say he will appeal he case to the nation 's highest court . 	254
the monkey could track they progress by watch a schematic representation of the arm and its motion on a video screen . 	the arm be keep in a separate room , but the monkey could track they progress by watch a representation of the arm and its motion on a video screen . 	255
that trigger a 47-hour police standoff that inconvenience thousand of commuter , as traffic back up in downtown Washington and northern Virginia . 	he protest lead to a 47-hour standoff with police that cause huge traffic jam in downtown Washington and northern Virginia . 	256
the Standard & Poor 's 500 index advance 6.48 , or 0.7 per cent , to 990.51 . 	the broader Standard & Poor 's 500 index . SPX rise 6.48 point , or 0.66 percent , to 990.51 . 	257
Agriculture minister from more than one hundred nation be expect to attend the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology sponsor by the U.S. Department of Agriculture . 	U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman kick off the three-day Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology on Monday . 	258
accord to security source , London Metropolitan Police Commissioner John Stevens place he force on its highest state of alert last week follow the warning . 	the Telegraph can reveal that Sir John Stevens , the Metropolitan Police Commissioner , place he force on its highest alert last week . 	259
complicate the situation be the presence of battle-hardened Liberians who have be fight on both side . 	fighting have continue sporadically in the west , where it be complicate by the presence of battle-hardened Liberians on both side . 	260
this year the Audubon Society once again host its annual Christmas Bird Count . 	it be the National Audubon Society 's annual Christmas Bird Count , now in its 104th season . 	261
before it be remove , the site list in broken English the rule for hacker who might participate . 	Southwest say its traffic be up 4.6 percent in the quarter , and it end the quarter with $ 2.2 billion in cash . 	Southwest say its traffic be up 4.6 percent in the quarter on a capacity increase of 4.2 percent . 	263
doctor have speculate that the body 's own estrogen protect against cell damage and improve blood flow . 	they belief be base on speculation that estrogen prevent cell damage and improve blood flow . 	264
they also find shortness be associate with a family history of hearing loss . 	Shortness be find twice as often in those with hearing loss . 	265
Cisco executive say they be encourage by $ 1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income , but hope for a rebound . 	Cisco executive be encourage by $ 1.3 billion in cash flow and the increase in net income , but say they remain `` cautiously optimistic '' about a rebound . 	266
in a e-mail statement to the Knoxville News Sentinel , Shumaker say , '' I be not give any consideration to resignation . 	I be not give any consideration to resignation , '' Shumaker say in a statement . 	267
a poll show that the FBI bugging of the mayor have give a boost to he reelection effort against GOP opponent Sam Katz . 	a poll release this week show that the FBI bugging of the mayor have give a boost to he re-election effort . 	268
Bulger 's brother be now on the agency 's '' 10 most want '' list , seek in connection with 21 murder . 	Bulger 's brother , a former FBI informant , be now on the law enforcement agency 's `` 10 most want '' list . 	269
the injured passenger at John Peter Smith Hospital die later Friday morning , Jones say . 	the injured passenger at John Peter Smith die later in the morning ; he name have not be release , Jones say . 	270
doctor have plan to deliver he two week early , on or around November 14 . 	a caesarean have originally be plan in mid - November , two week early . 	271
sobig.f spread when unsuspecting computer user open file attachment in email that contain such familiar heading as `` thank you ! , '' `` Re : detail '' or `` Re : that movie . '' 	the virus spread when unsuspecting computer user open file attachment in email that contain familiar heading like `` thank you ! '' and `` Re : detail '' . 	272
the technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index . IXIC rise 17.26 point , or 1.06 percent , to 1,640.06 , base on the latest datum . 	the broader Standard & Poor 's 500 index < . SPX > gain 5.51 point , or 0.56 percent , to 981.73 . 	273
founder of the group be Matsushita Electric , Sony , Hitachi , NEC , Royal Philips Electronics , Samsung , Sharp and Toshiba . 	celf 's founding member be Hitachi , Matsushita , NEC , Philips , Samsung , Sharp , Sony , and Toshiba . 	274
be it in the food supply ? '' say David Ropeik , director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for risk analysis . 	`` it be not zero , '' say David Ropeik , director of risk communication at the Harvard Center for risk analysis . 	275
during a scream match in 1999 , Carolyn tell John she be still sleep with Bergin . 	she , in turn , occasionally tell John that she be still sleep with a ex-boyfriend , `` Baywatch '' hunk Michael Bergin . 	276
on the other hand , if this will help further establish Steve 's innocence , we welcome it . '' 	if drain the pond in Maryland will further help establish Steve 's innocence , we welcome it . '' 	277
Florida 's Supreme Court have twice refuse to hear the case . 	on Tuesday , a Florida appeal court again refuse to block removal of the tube . 	278
Fletcher say he expect to have the support of lawmaker from agricultural state , many of whom be on the committee . 	he say he also expect to have the support of lawmaker from other agricultural state . 	279
four version of Windows operate system be target : Windows NT , Windows 2000 , Windows xp and Windows server 2003 . 	the new worm affect these Windows system : 2000 , xp , nt 4.0 and server 2003 . 	280
seven 20 - and 21-year-old cadet be ticket by police for drinking alcohol in a off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two young woman , aged 16 and 18 . 	seven 20 - and 21-year-old male cadet be catch in a off-campus hotel room early Saturday with two female teens , 16 and 18 year . 	281
share of McDonald 's Corp. and Wendy 's International Inc. continue a modest run-up on the New York Stock Exchange Monday . 	share of McDonald 's and Wendy 's continue they recent recovery Monday , rise more than 1 percent on the New York Stock Exchange in afternoon trade . 	282
such a step could put the issue before the UN security Council . 	the matter could then be send to the U.N. Security Council . 	283
he plan to stay all day until the river crest , which be forecast for late last night . 	he and the other lawyer plan to stay until the river start recede . 	284
the camp host summer religious retreat for child and other event year-round , accord to its web site . 	the Saint Sophia Camp host religious retreat for child during the summer month as well as other event year round , accord to its web site . 	285
dealer say the single currency 's downward momentum against the dollar could pick up speed if it break below $ 1.15 . 	dealer say the euro 's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $ 1.15 . 	286
Gemstar 's share gather up 2.6 percent , add 14 cent to $ 5.49 at the close . 	Gemstar share move higher on the news , close up 2.6 percent at $ 5.49 on Nasdaq . 	287
`` the European Union be basically absent , '' say Tito Barbini , regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany , Italy . 	Tito Barbini , a regional minister for agriculture in Tuscany , Italy , criticize the absence Tuesday in Sacramento . 	288
along with chipmaker Intel , the company include Sony Corp. , Microsoft Corp. , Hewlett-Packard Co. , IBM Corp. , Gateway Inc. and Nokia Corp. . 	along with chip maker Intel , the company include Sony , Microsoft , Hewlett-Packard , International Business Machines , Gateway , Nokia and other . 	289
Kroger Co. , which own Ralphs , and Albertsons Inc. bargain jointly with Safeway and lock out they union worker the next day . 	in a show of corporate solidarity , Kroger Co. , which own Ralphs , and Albertson Inc. lock out they worker the next morning . 	290
accord to the Census Bureau , the hispanic population increase by 9.8 percent from the April 2000 census figure . 	the hispanic population increase by 9.8 per cent from the April 2000 census figure , despite less favourable social and economic condition than in the 1990s . 	291
its share jump to $ 54.50 in pre-open trading from $ 50.90 at Wednesday 's close . 	Shares jump almost 7 percent in pre-open trading , rise to $ 18.26 from $ 17.05 at Tuesday 's close . 	292
he playfully chide the Senate 's `` little bitty tax relief plan . '' 	we do not need a little bitty tax relief plan . 	293
look to buy the latest Harry Potter ? 	Harry Potter 's latest wizard trick ? 	294
MediaQ 's customer include major handheld maker Mitsubishi , Siemens , Palm , Sharp , Philips , Dell and Sony . 	Nvidia will take advantage of mediaq customer , which include such player as Siemens AG , Sharp , Philips , Dell , Mitsubishi and Sony Corp. . 	295
Aventis , base in Strasbourg , France , be one of a handful of company that still make the flu vaccine . 	Aventis , base in Strasbourg , France , be one of the lead producer of the vaccine and one of a handful of company that still make it . 	296
the Dow Jones industrial average < . DJI > be off 58.69 point , or 0.64 percent , at 9,137.86 . 	the Dow Jones industrial average . DJI fall 79.43 point , or 0.86 percent , to 9,117.12 on Friday . 	297
`` it be a little bit embarrassing the way we play in the first two game , '' Thomas say . 	`` we be in the Stanley Cup final , and it be a little bit embarrassing the way we play in the first two game . 	298
from Broadway comedy like `` the seven year itch '' -lrb- 1952 -rrb- , `` will success Spoil Rock Hunter ? '' 	playwright George Axelrod , who anticipate the sexual revolution with the seven year itch and will success Spoil Rock Hunter ? 	299
he lawyer , Pamela MacKey , say Bryant expect to be completely exonerate . 	`` Mr. Bryant be innocent and expect to be completely exonerate , '' Mackey say in a statement . 	300
it be the best advance since Oct. 1 , when the index gain 22.25 . 	Standard & Poor 's 500 index rise 15.66 to 1,046.79 , its best advance since Oct. 1 , when it gain 22.25 . 	301
Mr. Mask say Mr. Cullen would be take from the Somerset County jail by Thursday and move to the Ann Klein Forensic Hospital just outside Trenton for psychiatric care . 	Charles Cullen , 43 , be transfer from the Somerset County jail in Somerville to the Anne Klein Forensic Center , a 150-bed psychiatric treatment facility in Trenton . 	302
scientist believe Stardust trap thousand of particle of dust . 	Stardust be design to gather thousand of dust particle streaming from Wild 2 . 	303
nine seconds later , it break the sound barrier and continue its steep power ascent . 	nine seconds later , SpaceShipOne break the sound barrier , the company say . 	304
the report by the independent expert committee aim to dissipate any suspicion about the Hong Kong government 's handling of the SARS crisis . 	a long await report on the Hong Kong government 's handling of the SARS outbreak have be release . 	305
the plane be estimate to be within 100 pound of its maximum takeoff weight . 	US Airways Flight 5481 , which crash Jan. 8 , be judge to be within 100 pound of its maximum takeoff weight . 	306
both device implement the v1 .2 standard 's eSCO facility to provide the basis for new cordless telephony application . 	bluecore3 also implement v1 .2 's eSCO facility to provide the basis for advanced cordless telephony application for Bluetooth transmission . 	307
Michael Bloomberg , NYC Mayor : `` I be gon na try march with a number of different group . 	`` I be go to try to march with a number of different group , '' Bloomberg say . 	308
the attack seem similar to other stage near foreign compound in Riyadh on May 12 . 	the attack seem similar to attack stage near foreign compound in Riyadh on May 12 , for which official have also blame al-Qaida . 	309
the drop in core wholesale price in April reflect fall price for car , truck , man 's and boy 's clothes and cigarette . 	that be the biggest drop since August 1993 and stem from fall price for car , truck , man 's and boy ' clothes and cigarette . 	310
gainer say the two staff aide be `` very sorry this all happen , '' and the security personnel have perform `` well within standard . '' 	the security personnel perform `` well within standard '' and the two staff aide be `` very sorry all this happen , '' Gainer say . 	311
`` we put a lot of effort and energy into improve we patching process , probably later than we should have and now we be just gain incredible speed . 	`` we have put a lot of effort and energy into improve we patching progress , probably later than we should have . 	312
International rescue worker be scour flatten debris for survivor in Iran 's shatter ancient Silk Road city of bam after a violent earthquake kill more than 20,000 people . 	International rescue worker hack desperately through flatten debris for survivor and cemetery overflow in Iran 's ancient Silk Road city of bam yesterday . 	313
Griffith , a Mount Airy native , now live on the North Carolina coast in Manteo . 	Griffith , 77 , grow up in Mount Airy and now live in Manteo . 	314
he also say the academy will get its own internal report next week detail the seriousness of the remain problem . 	the academy will get its own internal report next week and it will be make public , Rosa say . 	315
the boy also spray the room full of retardant from fire extinguisher , which make it hard to see , the chief say . 	the boy fire once into a wall and spray the room with fire extinguisher , make it hard to see , the chief say . 	316
the Conference Board report its U.S. Consumer Confidence Index slip to 83.5 in June from 83.6 in May . 	the consumer-confidence index come in at 83.5 in June , down slightly from a revise 83.6 in May , the Conference Board say . 	317
`` I notice a mood change in they priority , '' one politician say . 	`` I notice a mood change in they priority , '' say one iraqi politician after meet with Mr. Bremer . 	318
`` but HRT should not be use to prevent heart disease or any other chronic condition . '' 	`` the clear message be it should not be use to prevent cardiovascular disease , '' Manson say . 	319
Heather , 35 , who lose a leg in a road accident , be think to have steel plate fit in she hip , which would make natural childbirth impossible . 	former model Lady McCartney lose a leg in a road accident in 1993 and be understand to have steel plate fit in she hip which would make natural childbirth difficult . 	320
the network be also drop its Friday night `` Dateline '' edition . 	the network will drop one edition of `` Dateline , '' its newsmagazine franchise . 	321
the meat , poultry , butter , cheese and nut be impound a year ago at a LaGrou Cold Storage warehouse in Chicago . 	the meat , poultry , butter , cheese and nut be be store by more than 100 wholesaler in Chicago . 	322
the bluecore3-multimedia include a 16-bit stereo audio codec with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio . 	bluecore3-multimedia contain a open platform DSP co-processor and also include a 16-bit stereo audio codec with dual ADC and DAC for stereo audio . 	323
Vice President Dick Cheney and Mississippi Republican gubernatorial candidate Haley Barbour acknowledge the cheer crowd . 	Vice President Dick Cheney say Mississippi Republican Haley Barbour would be a good governor because of he government and business savvy . 	324
the 51-year-old nurse work at North York General Hospital , the epicentre of the latest outbreak . 	Emile Laroza , 51 , contract SARS while work as a nurse at North York General Hospital , the epicentre of the second sars outbreak . 	325
Rusch have also allow five or more earn run in each of he last three start . 	Redman have allow two earn run or less in six of he nine start . 	326
Mr. Turner transfer about 10 million share to a charitable trust before they be sell . 	the sale leave Mr. Turner with about 45 million share in AOL . 	327
he also recruit other to participate in the scheme by convince they to receive fraudulently obtain merchandise he have order for himself . 	he also recruit other people to take delivery of fraudulently obtain merchandise he have order . 	328
Gartner 's report say global WLAN equipment shipment reach 19.5 million last year , a 120 percent increase over 2001 's 8.9 million unit . 	total shipment reach 19.5 million unit last year , compare with 8.9 million unit in 2001 . 	329
the New York Mets then select outfielder Lastings Milledge from Lakewood Ranch High School in Florida . 	the Mets take Lastings Milledge , a outfielder from Florida , with the 12th pick . 	330
now , with the agency 's last three shuttle ground in the wake of the Columbia disaster , that wait could be even longer . 	with the remain three shuttle ground in the wake of the Columbia accident , the rookie will have to wait even longer . 	331
Bremer , 61 , be a onetime assistant to former secretary of state William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger and be ambassador-at-large for counterterrorism from 1986 to 1989 . 	Bremer , 61 , be a former assistant to former secretary of state William P. Rogers and Henry Kissinger . 	332
Roy Moore , the suspend chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court , stand accuse but unrepentant Wednesday in the same courtroom he recently preside over . 	Moore , the suspend chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court , stand trial before the Alabama Court of the Judiciary . 	333
the blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average . DJI climb 164 point , or 1.91 percent , to 8,765.38 , brushing its highest level since mid-January . 	the blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average . DJI tack on 97 point , or 1.14 percent , to 8,699 . 	334
a arrest warrant claim Bryant assault the woman June 30 at a hotel . 	accord to a arrest warrant , Bryant , 24 , attack a woman on June 30 . 	335
Florida Sen. Bob Graham be not identifiable by 61 percent of those poll . 	Kerry be view favorably by 66 percent of those poll ; Dean at 57 percent . 	336
the broader Standard & Poor 's 500 index . SPX rise 3.47 point , or 0.36 percent , to 977.59 . 	the tech-laden Nasdaq Composite Index . IXIC shed 8 point , or 0.45 percent , to 1,645 . 	337
as a result , 24 player break par in the first round . 	twenty-four player break par in the first round , the third highest figure in U.S. Open history . 	338
those conversation have not take place as of Tuesday night , accord to a Oracle spokeswoman . 	those talk have not take place , accord to a Oracle spokeswoman . 	339
friend of Robert De Niro yesterday rally around he after he be diagnose with prostate cancer . 	Hollywood actor Robert De Niro have be diagnose with prostate cancer , he spokesman say today . 	340
Albertsons and Kroger 's Ralphs chain lock out they worker in response . 	Kroger 's Ralphs chain and albertson immediately lock out they grocery worker in a show of solidarity . 	341
Taiwan have attempt to gain observer status to the United Nations-affiliated who for seven year , but again be rebuff March 19 at its annual conference in Geneva . 	it have seek observer status for seven year , but be again rebuff May 19 at the annual who conference in Geneva . 	342
the technology-packed Nasdaq Composite Index < . ixic > drop 37.78 point , or 1.94 percent , to 1,912.36 . 	the Nasdaq composite index fall 2.95 , or 0.2 percent , for the week to 1,912.36 after stumble 37.78 yesterday . 	343
share of SCO close at $ 10.93 , down 28 cent , in Monday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market . 	IBM share close up $ 1.75 , or 2.11 percent , at $ 84.50 on the New York Stock Exchange . 	344
a Washington County man may have the county first human case of West Nile virus , the health department say Friday . 	the county first and only human case of West Nile this year be confirm by health official on Sept. 8 . 	345
National breast cancer Centre chief executive Professor Christine Ewan say it be too early to quantify the risk to woman . 	National breast cancer Centre head Professor Christine Ewan say there be no need for panic . 	346
Brendsel and chief financial officer Vaughn Clarke resign June 9 . 	the company 's chief executive retire and chief financial officer resign . 	347
on health care , the ndp say there will be no privatization and no health-care premium . 	the New Democrats also renew they commitment to no health-care privatization and no premium . 	348
but JT be careful to clarify that it be `` not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment '' . 	`` however , we be not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment . '' 	349
the House vote 425 to 2 to clear the bill , the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government . 	the bill be among the first of 13 that Congress must pass each year to fund the federal government . 	350
Knight agree to a two-year , $ 2.38 million contract that include a $ 300,000 signing bonus . 	ESPN report that Knight 's two-year deal be worth $ 2.38 million , include a $ 300,000 signing bonus . 	351
the procedure be generally perform in the second or third trimester . 	the technique be use during the second and , occasionally , third trimester of pregnancy . 	353
the new company will begin trade on Nasdaq today under the ticker symbol PLMO and PSRC . 	also as part of the deal , PalmSource stock will begin trade on the NASDAQ stock market Wednesday under the ticker symbol : PSRC . 	354
kid , adult , bookseller and postal worker all be prepare for `` Harry Potter and the order of the Phoenix . '' 	the crate be full of hardback copy of `` Harry Potter and the order of the Phoenix . '' 	355
besides Hampton and Newport News , the grant fund water testing in Yorktown , King George County , Norfolk and Virginia Beach . 	the grant also fund beach testing in King George County , Norfolk and Virginia Beach . 	356
share of Halliburton fall 71 cent , or 3 percent , to close at $ 21.59 yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange . 	Halliburton share fall 54 cent , or 2.4 percent , to $ 21.76 a share in midday New York Stock Exchange trade . 	357
he say the attacker leave behind leaflet urge staff at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop work at the hotel and demand U.S. force leave Iraq . 	he say the attacker leave behind leaflet urge worker at the Ishtar Sheraton to stop work at the hotel . 	358
with diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old nuclear crisis , Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing be slate to visit South Korea from August 13 to 15 . 	with diplomacy heating up in the nearly 10-month-old crisis , Chinese Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing fly to Japan on Sunday en route to South Korea on August 13 . 	359
tail wagging , Abbey trot on stage with Conway before a crowd of more than 10,000 attendee at PeopleSoft 's annual customer conference at the Anaheim Convention Center . 	on Monday , Abbey trot on stage , tail wagging , with Conway before a crowd of 10,000 attendee at PeopleSoft 's annual customer conference . 	360
Bond bull would like the Fed to recognize that risk be bias toward economic weakness . 	the Fed also say the risk to the economy be bias toward weakness . 	361
`` there be the real potential for a secondary collapse , '' Gov. James McGreevey say . 	the damaged area of the garage be not stable , with `` the real potential for a secondary collapse , '' McGreevey say . 	362
at midnight on Wednesday , 68 percent of voter say `` no '' to the tax , with 97 percent of the vote count . 	with 97 percent of precinct count tonight , 68 percent of voter oppose the tax . 	363
the government do not identify the taikonaut -- a term coin from `` taikong , '' the chinese word for space -- who would travel on the second mission . 	the government do not identify the taikonaut -- a term coin from taikong , the chinese word for space . 	364
no. 2 HP see its Unix server sale drop 3.6 percent to $ 1.36 billion . 	HP fall to second place with server sale grow 0.4 percent to $ 2.9 billion . 	365
Graham be expect to be nominate and elect to a second one-year term today and will deliver the presidential address . 	later Tuesday , Graham be expect to be re-elect for a second one-year term . 	366
`` these change may affect a large number of exist web page , '' the statement continue . 	still , change to ie `` may affect a large number of exist web page , '' accord to the w3c 's notice . 	367
`` people be obviously inconvenience , '' say Dr. Jim Young , Ontario 's commissioner of public safety . 	`` we be be hyper-vigilant , '' say Dr. James Young , Ontario 's commissioner of public safety . 	368
the other be give copy of `` Dr. Atkins ' New Diet Revolution '' and tell to follow it . 	the researcher give copy of `` Dr. Atkins ' New Diet Revolution '' to the carb-cutter . 	369
Barbini say the union may reach a compromise with the United States but it want a system for label such food , something the industry successfully fight here . 	Barbini say the EU may reach a compromise but it want a system for label such food , something the industry have resist . 	370
the blaze then spread to several surround structure on the property and destroy they . 	the fire spread to several surround structure on the property and destroy they as deputy hold back firefighter . 	371
the rapper 's lawyer , Mark Gann , do not return call for comment . 	the 27-year-old rapper 's attorney in the civil matter , Mark Gann , do not return call for comment . 	372
source say agent confiscate `` several '' document he be carry . 	agent confiscate several classify document in he possession and interrogate he . 	373
also weigh on the market be news that General Motors GM.N plan to issue $ 10 billion in debt , in part to plug a hole in its pension plan . 	also hurt be news General Motors GM.N be to issue $ 10 billion in debt , in part to plug a hole in its pension plan . 	374
the helicopter burst into flame upon impact , accord to the Mohave County Sheriff 's Office . 	the helicopter be own by Las vegas-based Sundance Helicopters Inc. , accord to the sheriff 's office . 	375
`` I be advise that certain allegation of criminal conduct have be interpose against my counsel , '' say Silver . 	`` I be advise that certain allegation of criminal conduct have be interpose against my counsel , J. Michael Boxley , '' the silver statement say . '' 	376
I think we make the right case and do the right thing . '' 	Mr Blair go on : `` I think we do the right thing in relation to Iraq . 	377
Russin do not comment ; he lawyer do not attend the hearing and do not return phone message . 	he lawyer , a cousin , Basil Russin , do not attend the hearing and do not return phone message . 	378
licensing revenue slide 21 percent , however , to $ 107.6 million . 	license sale , a key measure of demand , fall 21 percent to $ 107.6 million . 	379
Hispanics , the fastest grow ethnic group in the US , have overtake black to become the largest minority in the US , accord to newly release government figure . 	Hispanics have officially overtaken african Americans as the largest minority group in the US , accord to a report release by the US Census Bureau . 	380
the Bishop of Armidale , Peter Brain , be forthright . 	`` he have not get much choice , '' say the Bishop of Armidale , Peter Brain . 	381
when fully operational , the facility be expect to employ up to 1,000 people . 	the plant would employ 1,000 people when fully build out , the company say . 	382
Kollar-Kotelly have schedule another antitrust settlement compliance hearing for January . 	the judge schedule another oversight hearing for late January . 	383
the American Stock Exchange biotech index . BTK surge 5 percent . 	the Philadelphia Stock Exchange 's semiconductor index . SOXX jump 6.10 percent . 	384
`` tomorrow at the Mission Inn , I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California . 	`` I have the opportunity to congratulate the governor-elect of the great state of California , and I be look forward to it . '' 	385
`` I really like he and I still do , '' Cohen Alon tell the Herald yesterday . 	and I really like he , and I still do . 	386
for the full 12-month period end June 30 , 2003 , advance service line for adsl increase by 37 percent and cable modem connection increase by 75 percent . 	for the 12-month period end June 30 , high-speed line install in home and business increase by 45 percent . 	387
the new research will be publish soon in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences . 	it will appear in the next few week on the web site of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences . 	388
`` I expect Japan to keep conduct intervention , but the volume be likely to fall sharply , '' say Junya Tanase , forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase . 	Junya Tanase , forex strategist at JP Morgan Chase , say `` I expect Japan to keep conduct intervention , but the volume be likely to fall sharply . '' 	389
the Sunshine Group LTD represent the developer , the related company and Apollo Real Estate Advisors lp , on the deal . 	the developer , the Related Cos. and Apollo Real Estate Advisors , hope sale top $ 1 billion . 	390
State Education Commissioner Kent King say Wednesday that the score on the Missouri Assessment Program test disappointed he . 	Missouri Education Commissioner Kent King say he be disappoint by the score . 	391
agent find more than 1,000 credit card and credit card duplicate machine during a search of Ragin 's address . 	when Ragin 's address be raid , authority find more than 1,000 credit card and duplicate machine . 	392
Lowe 's , with about half as many store , report a 33 percent increase in third-quarter profit behind a 12 percent jump in same-store sale . 	Home Depot report a 22 percent jump in third-quarter profit behind a nearly 8 percent rise in same-store sale . 	393
Caldera acquire the Unix server software of the original SCO and change its name to the SCO Group . 	sco change its name to Tarantella , and caldera later change its name to the SCO Group . 	394
two convict killer and another inmate escape from a state prison on a busy street Wednesday by cut through a fence , a Corrections Department official say . 	a convict killer and two other inmate cut through two fence top with razor wire and escape from a state prison on a busy street . 	395
`` it be about a third of what I owe in the world , '' he tell reporter . 	it be not come to I , but it be only about a third of what I owe in the world . 	396
officer throw he to the ground and handcuff he , and Reyna drop a knee into he back , accord to testimony . 	that be when officer throw he to the ground and handcuff he , accord to testimony . 	397
the best-performing stock be Altria Group Inc. , which rise more than 27 percent to close at $ 42.31 a share . 	Altria Group Inc. . mo. n fall 50 cent , or 1.2 percent , to $ 41.81 . 	398
official be try to retrieve the body from the water , '' police officer J.D. Tambe tell Reuters , add 26 of the dead be woman . 	official be try to retrieve the body from the water , '' police official J.D. Tambe tell Reuters . 	399
accord to market research from the NPD Group , the number of people download music drop from 14.5 million in April to 10.4 million in June . 	the number of household acquire music fall from a high of 14.5 million in April to 12.7 million in May and 10.4 million in June , accord to NPD . 	400
`` this be a easy case in my view and wholly without merit , both factually and legally . '' 	`` this case be wholly without merit , both factually and legally , '' Judge Denny Chin scoff . 	401
the tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index gain 2.90 point , or 0.18 percent , to 1,606.87 . 	the weather service report maximum sustained wind of nearly 105 mile a hour with stronger gust . 	Maximum sustain wind be around 40 mph , with stronger gust . 	403
the WiFi potty be to be unveil this summer , at music festival in Britain . 	the world 's first portal potty be soon to be roll out at summer festival in great Britain . 	404
the benchmark 10-year Treasury note yield < us10yt = rr > dip below 4.20 percent on Tuesday . 	price for Treasury security also rise , with the yield on the benchmark 10-year note fall to 4.19 percent . 	405
man who drink tea , particularly green tea , can greatly reduce they risk of prostate cancer , a landmark WA study have find . 	drink green tea can dramatically reduce the risk of man contract prostate cancer , a study by australian researcher have discover . 	406
so be Edie Falco , the critically praise co-star of `` Frankie and Johnny . '' 	Edie Falco be not nominate for `` Frankie and Johnny . '' 	407
John Hickenlooper have 65 percent of the vote to 35 percent for City Auditor Don Mares . 	hickenlooper clobber city Auditor Don Mares , 46 , in the Tuesday runoff . 	408
forecaster say warning might go up for Cuba later Thursday . 	watch or warning could be issue for eastern Cuba later on Thursday . 	409
shiite make up 20 percent of the country 's population . 	Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistan 's population , Shiites 20 percent . 	410
the CWA , which represent more than 2,300 Comcast employee , call that excessive when a typical union employee make about $ 27,000 a year . 	the Communications Workers Union , which represent more than 2,300 Comcast employee , call the executive pay package excessive when a typical union employee make about $ 27,000 annually . 	411
the consumer group generate $ 4.47 billion of profit and $ 20 billion of revenue from January to June , 53 % of Citigroup 's profit and revenue . 	it generate $ 4.47 billion of profit and $ 20 billion of revenue in the year 's first half , 53 percent of Citigroup 's total . 	412
GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP , N.J. Annika Sorenstam draw the crowd , Michelle Wie get the publicity but Angela Stanford take she first LPGA victory . 	GALLOWAY TOWNSHIP , N.J. >> Annika Sorenstam and Michelle Wie draw the crowd , but Angela Stanford take she first LPGA victory . 	413
`` Saddam be go , but we want the -lrb- U.S. -rrb- occupation to end , '' say hit resident Abu Qasim . 	`` Saddam be go , but we want the -lrb- U.S. -rrb- occupation to end . '' 	414
Young have 28 day to file a response and ask the NASD for a hearing . 	under NASD regulation , Mr. Young can file a response and request a hearing before a NASD panel . 	415
British Airways ' new York-to-London run will end in October . 	British Airways plan to retire its seven concorde at the end of October . 	416
the new policy give greatest weight to grade , test score and a student 's high school curriculum . 	Academic achievement -- include grade , test score and high school curriculum -- be give the highest priority . 	417
the only other person who have not be account for Sunday be a man from Fort Worth , Texas . 	another person , a man from Fort Worth , Texas , also be miss . 	419
stock dip lower Tuesday as investor opt to cash in profit from Monday 's big rally despite a trio of report suggest modest improvement in the economy . 	Wall Street move tentatively higher Tuesday as investor weigh a trio of report show modest economic improvement against a urge to cash in profit from Monday 's big rally . 	420
from the start , however , the United States ' declare goal be not just to topple Saddam but to stabilize Iraq and install a friendly government . 	but the United States ' ultimate goal be not just to topple Mr. Hussein but to stabilize the country and install a friendly government . 	421
the broader Standard & Poor 's 500 index < . SPX > give up 11.91 point , or 1.19 percent , at 986.60 . 	the technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index . ixic decline 16.68 point , or 1.01 percent , at 1,636.94 . 	422
AFTRA member approve the merger by a vote of 75.88 % to 24.12 % . 	AFTRA , on the other hand , approve the merger by a whopping 75 percent . 	423
while some other part of Africa have be use as staging grounds for the terror group , Malawi previously have not be a major focus of investigation into al-qaida . 	while some other part of Africa have be use as Al Qaeda staging grounds , Malawi have previously not be a major focus of investigation into the group . 	425
on Sunday , a U.S. soldier be kill and another injure in southern Iraq when a munitions dump explode . 	on Sunday , a U.S. soldier be kill and another injure when a munitions dump they be guard explode in southern Iraq . 	426
`` I be real excite to be a Cleveland Cavalier , '' James say . 	`` I be really excite about go to Cleveland , '' James tell ESPN.com . 	427
accord to law enforcement official , the person arrest be a known sophisticated hacker . 	accord to law enforcement official , the individual decrypt password on the server . 	428
exclude litigation charge , rim 's loss narrow even further to 1 cent a share . 	exclude patent litigation , rim 's loss for the quarter be $ 700,000 , or 1 cent per share . 	429
the broad Standard & Poor 's 500 index . SPX gain 19.72 point , or 1.98 percent , to 1,015.69 . 	the Dow Jones industrial average . DJI jump 2.09 percent , while the Standard & Poor 's 500 index . SPX leap 2.23 percent . 	430
it will also help reform the Royal Solomon Islands Police , strengthen the court and prison system and protect key institution such as the Finance Ministry from intimidation . 	the intervention force will confiscate weapon , reform the police , strengthen the court and prison system and protect key institution such as the Finance Ministry . 	431
Mr Alibek say : `` we outcome be very encouraging . 	`` we outcome be very encouraging , '' George Mason researcher Ken Alibek say . 	432
Selenski descend down the wall and use the mattress to climb over razor wire . 	Selenski use the mattress to scale a 10-foot razor wire , Fischi say . 	433
a jury convict rapper c-murder , also know as Corey Miller , of second-degree murder Tuesday night in the shooting death of a 16-year-old in a Jefferson Parish nightclub . 	Rapper C-Murder have be convict of second-degree murder , a crime that carry a automatic life sentence , in the shooting death of a 16-year-old inside a Jefferson Parish nightclub . 	434
Joe Kernan , who have be lieutenant governor for the past seven year , be swear in as governor after O'Bannon die Saturday . 	Kernan , who be O'Bannon 's lieutenant governor , friend and political partner , be swear in six hour after O'Bannon die Saturday . 	435
Wells ' other series include NBC 's er and third Watch . 	Wells ' other series include NBC 's `` er '' and `` Third Watch . '' 	436
thirty-three of the 42 man have be arrest by Wednesday evening , say Daniel Bogden , U.S. attorney in Nevada . 	thirty-four of the man have be arrest and the other be be seek , US Attorney Daniel Bogden say yesterday . 	437
Advanced Micro Devices say Fujitsu Siemens Computers be offer a high-end workstation base on AMD 's Opteron 200 Series . 	Fujitsu Siemens Computers on Tuesday make good on a promise to offer a workstation base on Advanced Micro Devices ' Opteron processor . 	438
five-time Tour de France winner and cancer survivor Lance Armstrong have a few word of advice for other cancer survivor in Denver on Friday . 	five-time Tour de France winner Lance Armstrong be in Denver today for a meeting about survive cancer . 	439
she survive he as do they four child -- son Anthony and Kelly , daughter Linda Hope and Nora Somers -- and four grandchild . 	Hope be survive by he wife ; son Anthony and Kelly ; daughter Linda and Nora Somers ; and four grandchild . 	440
police use pepper spray arrest 12 people Monday night at a march and rally by about 400 activist protest a annual training seminar of the Law Enforcement Intelligence Unit . 	police use pepper spray and rubber bullet to disperse a downtown march and rally last night by activist protest a annual police intelligence-training seminar . 	441
common side effect include nasal congestion , runny nose , sore throat and cough , the FDA say . 	the most common side effect after get the nasal spray be nasal congestion , runny nose , sore throat and cough . 	442
the department order a 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds and a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds . 	the department order a 12 percent reduction for State Farm Lloyds , the state 's largest insurer , and a 18.2 percent reduction for Allstate Texas Lloyds , the third-largest . 	443
Kodak expect earnings of 5 cent to 25 cent a share in the quarter . 	analyst survey by Thomson First Call have expect Kodak to earn 68 cent a share for the quarter . 	444
Colgate share close Monday at $ 56.30 on the New York Stock Exchange . 	Colgate share be down 30 cent at $ 56 in morning trade on the New York Stock Exchange . 	445
several shot ring out in the darkness , but only one gator have be kill by 11 p.m. 	several shot ring out Wednesday night , but no gator be kill then . 	446
share of Corixa fall 12 cent to $ 6.88 on the Nasdaq stock market . 	Corixa 's stock barely flinch on the news , dip 12 cent to close at $ 6.88 . 	447
the broader Standard & Poor 's 500 index < . SPX > be 0.46 point lower , or 0.05 percent , at 997.02 . 	the technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index . ixic be up 7.42 point , or 0.45 percent , at 1,653.44 . 	448
announce the selection , Kmart CEO Julian Day say Grey will help the retailer `` find creative way to communicate the unique strength of Kmart to the new America consumer . '' 	together , we will find creative way to communicate the unique strength of Kmart to the ` new America ' consumer . '' 	449
Republicans have pledge to complete a Medicare drug package by August , then extend the deadline to Oct. 17 , and they be still work on it . 	Republicans have pledge to complete a Medicare drug package by August , then extend it to Oct. 17 . 	450
Supermarket chain face a possible grocery clerk strike this week accuse union leader Monday of break off contract talk prematurely over the weekend . 	Supermarket chain be accuse union leader of break off contract talk prematurely over the weekend as grocery clerk gear up for a possible strike . 	451
he be refer to John S. Reed , the former Citicorp chief executive who become interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange last Sunday . 	next week , John S. Reed , the former Citicorp chief executive who Sunday become interim chairman and chief executive of the exchange , will take up he position . 	452
the index , which measure activity in the service sector , climb to 50.7 last month from 47.9 in March . 	the arizona-based ISM report Monday that its non-manufacturing index rise to 50.7 last month , from 47.9 in March . 	453
Bush plan to meet with israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and the new palestinian prime minister , Mahmoud Abbas , in the jordanian port of Aqaba on Wednesday . 	on Wednesday next week , Mr Bush will meet israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and new palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas in Aqaba , Jordan . 	454
`` unlike many early-stage internet firm , Google be believe to be profitable . 	the privately hold Google be believe to be profitable . 	455
`` it be safe to assume the Senate be prepare to pass some form of cap , '' King say . 	its safe to assume the Senate be prepare to pass some form of a cap ... the level of it be to be debate . 	456
and when ask if he feel regret or guilt about the attack he answer be a adamant `` no '' . 	ask if he feel any regret about theOctober 12 attack , the answer be a adamant `` no '' . 	457
another big gainer be Rambus Inc. -lrb- nasdaq : rmbs - news - people -rrb- , which shoot 32 percent higher . 	Rambus Inc. -lrb- nasdaq : rmbs - news - people -rrb- shoot up 38 percent , make it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq . 	458
Russ Britt be the Los Angeles Bureau Chief for CBS.MarketWatch.com . 	Emily Church be London bureau chief of CBS.MarketWatch.com . 	459
`` if you pass this bill , big Brother will be watch you , '' say Rep. John Mabry , D-Waco . 	`` if you pass this bill , '' Rep. John Mabry Jr. , D-Waco , tell colleague , `` big Brother will be watch you . '' 	460
Douglas Robinson , a senior vice president of finance , will take over as chief financial officer on a interim basis . 	Douglas Robinson , CA senior vice president , finance , will fill the position in the interim . 	461
INTEL TODAY disclose detail of its next-generation XScale processor for mobile phone and handheld device here in San Jose . 	Intel on Wednesday unveil its next-generation processor for cell phone , pda , and other wireless device . 	462
several state and the federal government later pass similar or more strict ban . 	follow California 's lead , several state and the federal government pass similar or tougher ban . 	463
still , he note Miami must decide whether to seek acc membership for the next school year by June 30 to adhere to Big East guideline . 	still , he note that Miami must decide whether to seek A.C.C. membership by June 30 to adhere to Big East guideline . 	464
he refuse to reveal what percentage of flight carry sky marshal , or whether they would be increase . 	he refuse to say what percentage of domestic flight have security officer on board . 	465
revenue for `` the hulk '' come in well below those of last month 's Marvel Comics adaptation , `` x2 : x-men United , '' which gross $ 85.6 million in its opening weekend . 	the hulk trail last month 's Marvel Comics adaptation , x2 : x-men United , which gross $ 85.6-million in its opening weekend . 	466
share of Littleton , colorado-based EchoStar rise $ 1.63 , or 5.3 percent , to $ 32.26 at 10:55 a.m. 	on Monday , EchoStar -lrb- DISH : news , chart , profile -rrb- share shrink $ 1.40 , or 4.4 percent , to $ 30.63 . 	467
the valid signature of 897,158 register California voter must be collect and turn in to county election official by Sept. 2 . 	to force a recall election of Davis , the valid signature of 897,158 register California voter must be turn in to election official . 	468
the mdc call the strike to force Mr Mugabe to either resign or negotiate a settlement of the Zimbabwe crisis . 	the mdc call the week-long protest to urge Mugabe either to resign or to negotiate a settlement of the crisis grip the country . 	470
the 6th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on Wednesday rule that a Ohio law ban a controversial late-term abortion method pass constitutional muster and the state can enforce it . 	a Ohio law that ban a controversial late-term abortion procedure be constitutionally acceptable and the state can enforce it , a federal appeal court rule yesterday . 	471
the Nasdaq composite index advance 20.59 , or 1.3 percent , to 1,616.50 , after gain 5.7 percent last week . 	the technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < . ixic > climb 19.11 point , or 1.2 percent , to 1,615.02 . 	472
revenue rise 3.9 percent , to $ 1.63 billion from $ 1.57 billion . 	the McLean , virginia-based company say newspaper revenue increase 5 percent to $ 1.46 billion . 	473
in January 2000 , notebook represent less than 25 percent of sale volume . 	that compare with January 2000 , when laptop represent less than 25 percent of sale volume , NPD say . 	474
argentine Guillermo Coria and Netherlander Martin Verkerk be in the other half . 	the other semifinal between Guillermo Coria of Argentina and Martin Verkerk of the Netherlands be also compelling . 	475
the Nasdaq Composite Index rise 19.67 , or 1.3 percent , to 1523.71 , its highest since June 18 . 	the S&P 500 have climb 16 percent since its March low and yesterday close at its highest since Dec. 2 . 	476
`` what can I say to you ? '' he tell a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstone , many of they mark the grave of entire family . 	Mr. Powell tell a crowd at a cemetery with a thousand headstone , many of they mark the grave of entire family . 	477
they say they have conclude that the film fail `` to present a balanced portrayal '' of the Reagans . 	CBS say the show `` do not present a balanced portrayal of the Reagans for CBS and its audience . 	478
`` we be go to do everything in we power to get money back to ratepayer as quickly as possible , '' Kennedy say . 	`` there be very strong interest in get money back to the ratepayer as quickly as possible , '' Commissioner Susan Kennedy say . 	479
she have only a single condition , that the book not be publish until she death . 	she insist , though , that it not be publish until after she death . 	480
the finding be publish in the November 6 edition of the journal Nature . 	both study be publish on Thursday in Nature , the british weekly science journal . 	481
median household income decline 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $ 42,409 , after account for inflation . 	the same survey find the median household income rise by $ 51 , when account for inflation , to $ 43,057 . 	482
U.S. and european leader pledge on Wednesday to work together to keep Iran from develop nuclear weapon , present a unite front after month of bitter acrimony over Iraq . 	Bush say U.S. and European Union leader , at a annual Washington summit , agree on the need to keep Iran from develop nuclear weapon . 	483
the company say it would cut the wholesale price of most top-line cd to $ 9.09 from $ 12.02 . 	the company also say it would cut wholesale price on cassette and change the suggest retail price to $ 8.98 . 	484
he leave the army for Syria where he receive religious training . 	he move to Syria , where he undergo further religious training in traditional islamic belief . 	485
the meeting be schedule to end Wednesday night , with attendee approve resolution that express the denomination 's view on issue but that be not bind on church . 	on Wednesday , attendee will vote on resolution that express the Southern Baptist view on issue , but be not bind on individual church . 	486
but the inadequate performance of student in various subgroup tag the state as deficient under the federal no child leave behind act . 	but the inadequate performance of student in various subgroup , such as race , push the state onto the needs-improvement list under the federal no child leave behind Act . 	487
this lead to the recovery of the 270-kilogram cancuen altar , announce on Wednesday by the Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society . 	this lead last month to the recovery of the 600-pound cancun altar , Vanderbilt University in Nashville and the National Geographic Society announce Wednesday . 	488
share of Allergan fall 14 cent to close at $ 78.12 on the New York Stock Exchange -lrb- news - web site -rrb- . 	share of Allergan be up 14 cent at $ 78.40 in late trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 	489
the upcome second-quarter earnings season will be particularly important in offer investor guidance , they say . 	they say second-quarter earnings report will be key in give investor that guidance . 	490
in a not-too-subtle swipe at Dean , he predict Americans would not elect a Democrat `` who sound a uncertain trumpet in these dangerous time . '' 	they will not elect as president a Democrat who sound a uncertain trumpet in these dangerous time . '' 	491
the report forecast there will be 71,079 hot spot worldwide this year , up from just 14,752 in 2002 and 1,214 in 2001 . 	the report also claim that there will be up to 9.3 million visitor to hot spot this year , up again from the meagre 2.5 million in 2002 . 	493
a new study , conduct in Europe , find the medicine work just as well as a earlier disputed study , sponsor by ImClone Systems , say it do . 	doctor conclude Erbitux , the cancer drug that enmesh ImClone Systems in a insider trading scandal , work just as well as a earlier company-sponsored study say it do . 	494
the bank 's share fall 45 cent in trading yesterday to $ 91.51 per share . 	share of M&T , which be base in Buffalo , fall 41 cent , to $ 91.51 . 	495
she lawyer Donald Levine tell the Telegraph she have be offer $ us250 ,000 to tell she story exclusively to australian tv . 	Mr Levine say she have be offer $ 400,000 to tell she story to a australian tv network . 	496
Perry have call lawmaker into two special session to address congressional redistricting . 	Perry have since call two special legislative session to try force the redistricting plan through . 	497
in the latest violence , insurgent throw a bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad , kill one soldier . 	early Monday , insurgent throw a homemade bomb at a U.S. convoy in northern Baghdad , kill a american soldier . 	498
consumer group be against the change , say they hurt individuality in market . 	consumer group oppose the change , say they would concentrate too many outlet in too few media empire . 	499
AirTran official and a Boeing official decline to comment yesterday . 	Trish York , a spokeswoman for Boeing , decline to comment on the deal . 	500
the lawsuit name Shelley , a Democrat , and registrar in Los Angeles , Orange and San Diego county . 	the lawsuit name Secretary of State Kevin Shelley , a Democrat , and the registrar of voter in Los Angeles , Orange and San Diego county . 	501
negotiator say Friday they make good progress during they latest round of talk on create a central american Free Trade Agreement . 	negotiator say Friday they make progress during they latest round of free-trade negotiation between the United States and five central american country this week in Houston . 	502
`` it be very difficult to do large syndicate loan in Japan , '' where there be a lack of expertise , say one banker . 	`` it be very difficult to do large syndicate loan in Japan , '' say one banker . 	503
the case come out of Illinois and involve a for-profit company call Telemarketing Associates Inc. . 	the case decide Monday center around a Illinois fund-raiser , Telemarketing Associates . 	504
every Thursday , a grain management committee meet in the Commission 's agriculture directorate to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender . 	a grain management committee normally meet each Thursday in the Commission 's agriculture unit -- another target of Wednesday 's raid -- to decide the outcome of a weekly export tender . 	505
he urge Congress to `` send I the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law . '' 	`` I urge Congress to quickly resolve any difference and send I the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law , '' he say . 	506
Mr. Pingeon be director of litigation for Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services , a prisoner ' rights group . 	Pingeon say a attorney for he organization , Massachusetts Correctional Legal Services , interview Assan Tuesday . 	507
Yee be a 1990 graduate of the U.S. Military Academy at West Point , New York . 	Yee grow up in the United States and graduate from the U.S. Military Academy at West Point . 	508
`` PNC regret its involvement '' in the deal , Chairman and Chief Executive Officer James Rohr say in a statement . 	James Rohr , chairman and chief executive officer , say PNC regret the incident . 	509
ccag support Bill Curry , Rowland 's opponent in the 2002 gubernatorial election . 	Mr. swan 's group support the governor 's democratic opponent , Bill Curry , in the 2002 election . 	510
they later fall out and have back a series of rival congolese militia in recent year . 	the two invade country later fall out , and have since back rival faction . 	511
State health official say today a young northeast Kansas woman likely have the state 's first case of monkeypox among human or animal . 	Health official confirm today that a northeast Kansas woman have the state 's first case of monkeypox and the first case west of the Mississippi River . 	512
another say its member would continue to call the more than 50 million phone number on the Federal Trade Commission 's list . 	meantime , the Direct Marketing Association say its member should not call the nearly 51 million number on the list . 	513
veteran entertainer Bob Hope celebrate he 100th birthday - and many year in showbusiness - on Thursday . 	Hollywood and the world be gear up to celebrate legendary entertainer Bob Hope 's 100th birthday on Thursday . 	514
Navistar share be down 44 cent , or 1.1 percent , at $ 41.19 on the New York Stock Exchange after fall as low as $ 39.93 . 	Navistar share rise a penny to $ 41.64 at late afternoon on the New York Stock Exchange after earlier fall as low as $ 39.93 . 	515
Colin Powell , the Secretary of State , say contact with Iran would not stop . 	Secretary of State Colin Powell say yesterday that contact with Iran would continue . 	516
decline issue outnumber advancer nearly 2 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange . 	advancer outnumber decliner by nearly 8 to 3 on the NYSE and more than 11 to 5 on Nasdaq . 	517
a float airfield with a flight deck cover 4.5 acre , the ship take about five year to build . 	the Reagan , a float airfield with a flight deck cover 4.5 acre , be the ninth nimitz-class carrier to be build at the Newport News shipyard . 	518
im very proud of the citizen of this state , say Gov. John Baldacci , a casino foe . 	`` I ´ m very proud of the citizen of this state , '' Gov. John Baldacci say after vote from Tuesday ´ be referendum be count . 	519
Stout previously work for General Electric subsidiary GE Capital Service Inc. , where he be vice president and chief technology and information officer . 	Stout come to Sprint from GE Capital , where he serve as chief technology and information officer . 	520
only Intel Corp. 's 0.3 percent yield be lower . 	only Intel Corp. have a lower dividend yield . 	521
a injured woman co-worker also be hospitalize and be list in good condition . 	a woman be list in good condition at Memorial 's HealthPark campus , he say . 	522
the shooting victim be take to Kings County Hospital Center , where he later die , the police say . 	the victim , who be not identify , be take to Kings County Hospital where he be pronounced dead . 	523
MGM , NBC and Liberty executive be not immediately available for comment . 	a Microsoft spokesman be not immediately available to comment . 	524
the new analysis find that 32 of the 16,608 participant develop ovarian cancer during about 5 year of follow-up . 	they report symptom of fever , headache , rash and muscle ache . 	symptom include a stiff neck , fever , headache and sensitivity to light . 	526
`` we have become like total stranger , '' Klein quote he as say . 	`` we have become like total stranger , '' John tell a pal two day before he death . 	527
Davey graduate Saturday from Northwest College , which be affiliate with the Assemblies of God , with a bachelor of art degree in religion and philosophy . 	Davey start attend Northwest College , which be affiliate with the Assemblies of God , in 1999 with plan to become a minister . 	528
veteran stage and screen actor Hume Cronyn die of cancer Sunday . 	character actor Hume Cronyn , 91 , die Sunday at he home in Connecticut . 	529
Scrimshaw , Supervisor , best Minister and ten most want be expect to complete the Belmont field . 	best Minister , Scrimshaw , and ten most want all have workout on Monday morning . 	530
the technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index . IXIC fall 23.54 point , or 1.42 percent , to 1,630.08 . 	the broader Standard & Poor 's 500 index . SPX give up 11.91 point , or 1.19 percent , at 986.60 . 	531
`` it be a final test before deliver the missile to the armed force . 	State radio say it be the last test before the missile be deliver to the armed force . 	532
`` you withdrawal from we country be inevitable , whether it happen today or tomorrow , and tomorrow will come soon . '' 	`` you withdrawal from we country be inevitable , whether it happen today or tomorrow , '' add the voice , which sign off give the date as `` mid-September . '' 	533
Deirdre Hisler , Government Canyon 's manager , say the state have long have its eye on this piece of property and be eager to complete the deal to obtain it . 	Deirdre Hisler , Government Canyon 's manager , say the state long have covet this piece of property , and be eager to complete the deal . 	534
accord to a news release send by the Terry Schindler-Schiavo Foundation , Florida Speaker Johnnie Byrd will introduce `` Terri 's Bill '' during the special session Monday . 	Florida 's Speaker of the House Johnnie Byrd , be expect to introduce '' Terri 's Bill '' during a one-day special session of the state legislature be hold today in Tallahassee . 	535
also , business throughout Utah be volunteer to display Amber alert on they sign . 	other business be volunteer to put the alert on they electronic sign and billboard . 	536
thanks to the euro 's rise against the japanese currency , the dollar be at 117.24 yen , well above the overnight 10-month low of 116 yen . 	the euro 's rise against the yen and speculation of japanese intervention help the dollar firm to 117.25 yen , well above a 10-month low of 116 yen hit on Thursday . 	537
Former South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu say Sunday he do not see what `` all the fuss '' be over appoint a gay bishop , but urge homosexual clergy to remain celibate . 	South Africa 's Nobel laureate Archbishop Desmond Tutu say he do not understand all the fuss about appoint a gay bishop , but he have urge homosexual clergy to remain celibate . 	538
russian stock fall after the arrest last Saturday of Mikhail Khodorkovsky , chief executive of Yukos Oil , on charge of fraud and tax evasion . 	the weekend arrest of Russia 's richest man , Mikhail Khodorkovsky , chief executive of oil major yuko , on charge of fraud and tax evasion unnerved financial market . 	539
Reuters witness say many house have be flatten and the city square be pack with cry child and the homeless , huddle in blanket to protect they from the cold . 	Reuters witness say public square be pack with cry child and people leave homeless , huddle in blanket to protect they from the cold . 	540
for the year , it expect sale of $ 94 million and a profit of 26 cent a share from continue operation . 	this be a increase from the $ 22.5 million and 5 cent a share previously forecast . 	541
in September , Hewlett-Packard sign a development and marketing deal with the company . 	four month later it sign a joint marketing agreement with Hewlett-Packard Co. . 	542
consumer would still have to get a descrambling security card from they cable operator to plug into the set . 	to watch pay television , consumer would insert into the set a security card provide by they cable service . 	543
on Friday , the Concorde start up around sunrise and seem to launch itself straight out of the rise sun . 	yesterday , the Concorde seem to launch itself straight out of the rise sun . 	544
a stage 1 episode be declare when ozone level reach 0.20 part per million . 	the federal standard for ozone be 0.12 part per million . 	545
after Hughes refuse to rehire Hernandez , he complain to the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission . 	Hernandez file a Equal Employment Opportunity Commission complaint and sue . 	546
the three grocery chain be rely on store manager and replacement worker to keep they store open . 	the supermarket chain have use manager and replacement worker to keep they store open , often at reduce hour . 	547
Dewhurst 's proposal call for a abrupt end to the controversial `` Robin Hood '' plan for school finance . 	the committee would propose a replacement for the `` Robin Hood '' school finance system . 	548
other country and private creditor be owe at least $ 80 billion in addition . 	other country be owe at least $ us80 billion -lrb- $ 108.52 billion -rrb- . 	549
telemarketer who call number on the list after Oct. 1 could face fine of up to $ 11,000 per call . 	under the law , telemarketer who call number on the list can be fine up to $ 11,000 for each violation . 	550
while wait for a bomb squad to arrive , the bomb explode , kill Wells . 	the bomb explode while authority wait for a bomb squad to arrive . 	551
he explain that he find Antetonitrus when he come to wit in 2001 as a post-doctoral research assistant at England 's University of Bristol . 	he explain that he find antetonitrus when he come to wit in 2001 while a post-doctoral research assistant at Bristol University in Britain . 	552
Air Canada , the largest airline in Canada and No. 11 in the world , have be under court protection from creditor since April 1 . 	the no. 11 airline in the world , Air Canada have be under court protection from creditor since April 1 . 	553
the security official 's backup could not fill in because he be on active military duty , Strutt say . 	the security official 's backup be on active duty , and the lottery association do not have a replacement in New Jersey , Strutt say . 	554
the jury also find Gonzales guilty of use excessive force by douse olvera-carrera with pepper spray . 	Gonzales be find guilty of use excessive force by spray olvera with pepper spray . 	555
the body of some of the dead , pull out from under the train , be lay out beside the track while emergency service bring in wooden coffin . 	the body of many of the dead , pull from under the partially derail train , be lay out by the track await identification . 	556
Garner say the self-proclaimed mayor of Baghdad , Mohammed Mohsen al-Zubaidi , be release after two day in coalition custody . 	Garner say self-proclaimed Baghdad mayor Mohammed Mohsen Zubaidi be release 48 hour after he detention in late April . 	557
`` Enron company executive engage in widespread and pervasive fraud , '' prosecutor Samuel Buell tell the Associated Press . 	`` Enron company executive engage in widespread and pervasive fraud to manipulate the company 's earnings result , '' Buell say . 	558
`` it seem to I ... we be just deal with brag rights here , who win and who lose , '' say Gammerman , who hear the case without a jury . 	`` leave aside attorney fee , we be deal with brag rights of who win and who lose , '' say Gammerman . 	559
customer that pay the $ 1,219 entrance fee get SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licens . 	retail pricing for SMS 2003 with 10 device client access licens be $ 1,219 . 	560
result of the 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey release yesterday by Statistics Canada suggest living standard have improve but still lag for those off reserve . 	the 2001 Aboriginal Peoples Survey release Wednesday by Statistics Canada say living standard have improve but still lag for the Inuit and those who leave they often impoverished reserve . 	561
`` the recent turnaround in the stock market and a ease in unemployment claim should keep consumer expectation at current level and may signal more favorable economic time ahead . '' 	the recent turnaround in the stock market and a ease in unemployment claim `` may signal more favorable economic time ahead , '' she say . 	562
while the day 's trading be lackluster , the Standard & Poor 's 500 index be prepare to close out its best three-month period since the fourth quarter of 1998 . 	the Standard & Poor 's 500 stock index end the quarter up 120 point , a gain of 14 percent , the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998 . 	563
researcher find the fossil in a semidesert area of Venezuela , about 250 mile west of Caracas . 	Phoberomys ' skeleton be unearth 250 mile west of Caracas , Venezuela . 	564
ONA explicitly state that it do not receive intelligence material indicate that Jemaah Islamiyah terrorist network be plan to mount a operation in Bali . 	`` but at no stage do ONA receive intelligence material indicate that Jemaah Islamiyah be plan to mount a operation in Bali . '' 	565
those report be deny by the interior minister , Prince Nayef . 	however , the Saudi interior minister , Prince Nayef , deny the report . 	566
Bryant previously say that hike have a greater impact on demand than official expect . 	Chief financial officer Andy Bryant have say that hike have a greater affect volume than official expect . 	567
the american woman , who be defend champion , will play in Philadelphia on Sept. 25 and conclude group competition in Columbus on Sept. 28 . 	the U.S. woman , who be defend champion , will play on Sept. 25 in Philadelphia and conclude group competition on Sept. 28 in Columbus , Ohio . 	568
Judge Leroy Millette Jr. can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole when Muhammad be formally sentence Feb. 12 , but Virginia judge rarely take such action . 	though the judge can reduce the punishment to life in prison without parole , expert say Virginia judge rarely take that opportunity . 	569
Mr McDonnell be lead Grant Thornton International 's inquiry into the italian business . 	Mr McDonnell want to establish if the italian business follow Grant Thornton 's audit procedure . 	570
a spokeswoman at strong Memorial Hospital say Doud be in satisfactory condition Tuesday night . 	a spokesman at strong Memorial Hospital say Doud be under evaluation Tuesday evening in the emergency room . 	571
Ray Brent Marsh , 29 , face multiple count of burial service fraud , make false statement , abuse of a dead body and theft . 	Ray Brent Marsh , 29 , also face charge of abuse of a body , and theft . 	572
after that , college President Paul Pribbenow tell he to wrap up he speech . 	after Hedges ' microphone be unplugged for a second time , Pribbenow tell he to wrap up he speech . 	573
for the 12-month period end June 30 , high-speed line install in home and business increase by 45 percent . 	for the full year period end June 30 , 2003 , high-speed line increase by 45 percent . 	574
Ricky Clemons ' brief , troubled Missouri basketball career be over . 	Missouri kick Ricky Clemons off its team , end he troubled career there . 	575
US military official say rotor wash from the helicopter might have blow down the banner . 	US official say downward `` rotor wash '' generate by the hover helicopter strip the flag from the tower . 	576
the industry 's largest association be urge its member not call the more than 50 million home and cellular number on the list . 	meantime , the Direct Marketing Association say its member should not call the nearly 51 million number on the list . 	577
the settlement take effect this week be reach less than two month after O'Malley take the helm of the nation 's fourth-largest archdiocese . 	the $ 85 million agreement be reach in September , less than two month after Archbishop Sean O'Malley take over as leader of the nation 's fourth-largest diocese . 	578
the U.S. Capitol be evacuate yesterday after authority detect a possibly hazardous material in the basement of the Senate wing , Capitol Police say . 	U.S. Capitol Police evacuate the Capitol yesterday after a sensor detect a possible biohazard in the Senate wing , but authority later say it be a false alarm . 	579
the former president also give numerous speech in 2002 without compensation , say he spokesman Jim Kennedy . 	he spokesman Jim Kennedy say the former president also give more than 70 speech in 2002 without compensation . 	580
the broader Standard & Poor 's 500 index . SPX be down 0.04 point , or 0 percent , at 971.52 . 	Standard & Poor 's 500 stock index future for June be down 2.60 point at 965.70 , while Nasdaq future be down 7.50 point at 1,183.50 . 	581
dub project Mad Hatter , the linux-based desktop be be promote by Sun as a more secure and less expensive alternative to Windows . 	design to compete with Microsoft Corp. , Project Mad Hatter be be position by Sun as a cheaper , secure alternative desktop operating system to Microsoft 's various desktop offering . 	582
the worker accuse General Dynamics of `` reverse age discrimination '' because of a change in retirement benefit in 1997 . 	General Dynamics be sue when it change its retirement benefit in 1997 . 	583
the tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index . IXIC ease 5.16 point , or 0.32 percent , at 1,590.75 , break a six-day string of gain . 	the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index . ixic be off 0.11 percent , or 1.78 point , at 1,594.13 . 	584
a key figure in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester 's bribery scheme be accuse Wednesday of change he story about Silvester 's alleged corrupt dealings with a Boston investment firm . 	a key player in former state Treasurer Paul Silvester 's corruption scheme testify on Tuesday about kickback and bribe Silvester trade for state business . 	585
`` the mission of the CAPPS II system have be and always will be aviation security , '' say the administration , part of the Homeland Security Department . 	`` the mission of the CAPPS II system have be and always will be aviation security , '' they say . 	586
Hovan do not speak , but he lawyer , John Speranza , say he client `` do not wake up that day '' intend to hurt anyone . 	Hovan `` do not wake up that day '' intend to hurt anyone , defense attorney John Speranza say . 	587
`` we believe that it be not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment , '' Daschle write . 	`` we believe that it be not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight , '' Daschle of South Dakota write the republican president . 	588
the space infrared Telescope Facility 's mission be to search for the beginning of the universe . 	NASA be schedule to launch the space infrared Telescope facility on Monday morning . 	590
its maker , MedImmune Inc. , base in Gaithersburg , make 4 million to 5 million dose this year . 	MedImmune Vaccines , the maker of FluMist , make between 4 million and 5 million dose this year . 	591
kaichen appear Wednesday in federal court on two bank robbery charge . 	she appear in federal court Wednesday , but do not enter a plea . 	592
in the latest top-level shuffle at CNN , Teya Ryan be leave she post as general manager of U.S. programming , the network announce . 	in CNN 's latest move to rejuvenate rating , the network have oust Teya Ryan , general manager of U.S. programming . 	593
he be suspect of be a key figure in Jemaah Islamiyah , the al-qa ` eda-linked terror group which have be blame for the bombing . 	Samudra , 32 , be suspect of be a key figure in the al-qaida-linked terror group Jemaah Islamiyah , which have be blame for carry out the bombing . 	594
about 100 firefighter be in the bosque today , Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega say . 	`` we be seconds away from have that happen , '' Albuquerque Fire Chief Robert Ortega say . 	595
`` the issue have be resolve , '' Marlins President David Samson say through a club spokesman . 	the Marlins only say : `` the issue have be resolve . '' 	596
China 's Health Ministry say five more people have die of Sars and a further 159 be infect . 	on Monday , China say nine more people have die from SARS and that 160 more be infect with the virus . 	597
the respected medical journal Lancet have call for a complete ban on tobacco in the United Kingdom . 	a lead U.K. medical journal call Friday for a complete ban on tobacco , prompt outrage from smoker ' group . 	598
share of McDonald 's rise $ 1.83 , or 8.3 percent , to close at the day 's high of $ 23.89 . 	McDonald 's share rise $ 1.83 to close Friday at $ 23.89 on the New York Stock Exchange . 	599
a incremental step report by researcher at the University of California , San Francisco , be the latest in a decade-long effort . 	the incremental step , report by researcher at uc San Francisco , be the latest in a decade-long effort to infect mouse with the virus . 	600
he say the FDA be hope Congress and the court would bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumer . 	he say FDA hope Congress and the court will bring clarity to the situation and some financial relief to consumer -- perhaps before the 2004 election . 	601
Ernst & Young admit no wrongdoing with the settlement . 	Ernst & Young spokesman Kenneth Kerrigan say the firm admit no wrongdoing . 	602
the driver of the truck escape and be now be seek by the police , Supoyo say . 	but police say the driver of the truck have not be find and be want for question . 	603
the witness , a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant with criminal conviction for dishonesty , be pay 10,000 by the news of the World . 	the witness be a 27-year-old Kosovan parking attendant , who be pay by the news of the World , the court hear . 	604
`` in so many different way , the artistry of black musician have convey the experience of black Americans throughout we history , '' Bush say . 	surround by singer from Harlem , Bush say : '' the artistry of black musician have convey the experience of black Americans throughout we history . 	605
the difference between Grassley and Thomas on energy and Medicare have become so pointed that other member say they angry personal relationship be embarrass the party . 	they difference on energy and Medicare have become so pointed other member say it be embarrassing to the party . 	606
Geraldine Andrews , the pastor 's daughter-in-law , say Robinson recently take she daughter out of a mental health facility . 	Geraldine Andrews , Reynolds ' daughter-in-law and a friend of Wilson 's family , say Robinson have recently take Wilson out of a mental health facility . 	607
he wound a security guard and then flee , stab two passersby as he run off along the promenade . 	he then stab two passersby as he flee along a promenade by the Mediterranean Sea . 	608
he and he colleague attribute some of the communication gap to doctor feel press for time . 	he attribute some of the communication gap to doctor feel press for time ; patient cite discomfort discuss financial issue . 	609
state police say as many as 30 worker be trap immediately after the garage collapse . 	as many as 30 people be believe to be trap inside initially , the state police say . 	610
before Thursday 's matinee , Baker call a clubhouse meeting , concern that the controversy have distract the Cubs . 	Baker call a pregame meeting , believe the the corked-bat episode have distract the team . 	611
she be take by ambulance to Charing Cross Hospital in Hammersmith . 	she be take to Charing Cross Hospital , where she remain critically ill last night . 	612
Bush turn out a statement yesterday thank the commission for its work , and say , `` we journey into space will go on . '' 	Mr. Bush do not discuss this when he issue a brief statement yesterday thank the commission for its work , and say , `` we journey into space will go on . '' 	613
OS ANGELES - '' the hulk '' be a monster at the box office in its debut weekend , take in a June opening record of $ 62.6 million . 	`` the hulk '' take in $ 62.6 million at the box office , a monster opening and a new June record . 	614
the governor be go to Jackson , where 13 of the state 's 16 fatality be report . 	the governor be go to Jackson , where 13 people be kill . 	615
congratulation on be name Time magazine 's person of the year . 	Time magazine name the american soldier its person of the year for 2003 . 	616
shortly after the opening bell , the Dow Jones Industrial Average be up 11.13 to 9,228.48 , while the S&P 500 index gain 1.74 to 982.33 . 	after a weak start , the Dow Jones Industrial Average end the day up 26.26 to 9,217.35 , while the S&P 500 index rise 3 to 980.59 . 	617
the indictment say he attend important meeting to plan the attack , recruit fellow bomber and coordinate the operation . 	Samudra not present in Bangkok , the indictment say , but attend a series of meeting before the attack , recruit fellow bomber and coordinate the operation . 	618
in addition , primary care trust -lrb- pct -rrb- be give star rating for the first time this year . 	primary Care Trusts and Mental Health Trusts have also be formally rate for the first time this year . 	619
it will also give Microsoft a opportunity to comment on remedy propose by the Commission . 	among other thing , Microsoft be to comment on propose remedy in its response . 	620
Texans saddle with skyrocket homeowner premium might finally be get relief . 	Relief be in sight for Texans saddle with skyrocket homeowner insurance premium . 	621
six democrat be vie to succeed Jacques and have qualify for the Feb. 3 primary ballot . 	six Democrats and two republican be run for she seat and have qualify for the Feb. 3 primary ballot . 	622
the broader Standard & Poor 's 500 Index rise 3.42 point , or 0.34 percent , to 1,007.84 . 	the technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index . ixic be down 1.55 point , or 0.09 percent , at 1,744.91 . 	623
crew work to install a new culvert and prepare the highway so motorist could use the eastbound lane for travel as storm cloud threaten to dump more rain . 	crew work to install a new culvert and repave the highway so motorist could use the eastbound lane for travel . 	624
Halliburton on Tuesday reiterate its contention that KBR have `` deliver fuel to Iraq at the best value , the best price and the best term '' . 	`` we believe KBR deliver fuel to Iraq at the best value , the best price and the best term , '' Halliburton spokeswoman Wendy Hall say . 	625
Elecia Battle , of Cleveland , tell police she drop she purse as she leave the Quick Shop Food Mart last week after buy the ticket . 	Elecia Battle drop she purse after buy the mega Millions Lottery ticket last week and believe the ticket blow away . 	626
customer include Mitsubishi , Siemens , DBTel , Dell , HP , Palm , Philips , Sharp , and Sony . 	MediaQ 's customer include major handheld maker Mitsubishi , Siemens , Palm , Sharp , Philips , Dell and Sony . 	627
the Cleveland Cavaliers win the right to draft James by win the NBA 's annual lottery Thursday night . 	such be the case Thursday night when the Cleveland Cavaliers win the `` LeBron James Lottery , '' otherwise know as the NBA draft lottery . 	628
among the worker , the researcher find short worker have worse hearing than expect for they age . 	`` short worker have worse hearing than expect by age -- three time more often than taller worker , '' write Barrenas . 	629
Mr Colpin do not specify whether it be this system that be at the centre of the investigation . 	neither OLAF nor the belgian prosecutor have specify if it be this system that be at the centre of the investigation . 	630
until now , sale of the entertainment-oriented pc have be limit to the United States , Canada and Korea . 	the computer be currently sell in Canada , the United States , and Korea . 	631
Ballmer have be vocal in the past warning that Linux be a threat to Microsoft . 	in the memo , Ballmer reiterate the open-source threat to Microsoft . 	632
the broad Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index be up 4.83 point or 0.49 per cent to 980.76 . 	Standard & Poor 's 500 stock index future decline 4.40 point to 983.50 , while Nasdaq future fall 6.5 point to 1,206.50 . 	633
Talabani tell he the Governing Council would `` need UN assistance and advice in implement the new decision which have be take . '' 	Talabani tell he iraqi leader would `` need U.N. assistance and advice in implement the new decision which have be take '' on organise a interim iraqi government by June . 	634
Stanford -lrb- 46-15 -rrb- play South Carolina -lrb- 44-20 -rrb- today in a first-round game at Rosenblatt Stadium in Omaha , Neb. . 	Stanford -lrb- 46-15 -rrb- play South Carolina -lrb- 44-20 -rrb- on Friday in the opening game of the double-elimination tournament . 	635
the same survey a month ago have Street lead Katz 42 percent to 34 percent , with 21 percent undecided . 	one month ago in the same poll , Katz be lead 46 to 40 percent . 	636
the broad Standard & Poor 's 500 index < . SPX > advanced 11 point , or 1.25 percent , to 931 . 	the Standard & Poor 's 500 Index gain 10.89 , or 1.2 percent , to 931.12 as of 12:01 p.m. in New York . 	637
`` we be expend all available resource toward the investigation , '' say Assistant U.S. Attorney Todd Greenberg , a counterterrorism prosecutor in Seattle . 	`` we be aware of the situation , '' say Assistant US Attorney Todd Greenberg , a counter-terrorism prosecutor in Seattle . 	638
but they do not realize that until it be too late -lrb- of course -rrb- because they be potential victim in a horror movie . 	but they do not realize that until it be too late -lrb- of course -rrb- because they be potential victim . 	639
Arthur Benson , attorney for the case 's plaintiff schoolchildren , say he will appeal . 	a attorney for plaintiff schoolchildren say he plan to appeal . 	640
the euro have slip nearly four percent since match a record peak of around $ 1.1935 only last week and hit a all-time high of 140.90 yen in late May . 	the euro have slip as much as four cent since match a record peak near $ 1.1935 last week and hit a record high of 140.90 yen in late May . 	641
Pennsylvania , which have the most aggressive treatment program , be treat 548 of 8,030 inmate . 	Texas , which have more than three time Michigan 's inmate population , be treat 328 of its 16,298 infected inmate . 	642
the tech-loaded Nasdaq composite rise 20.96 point to 1595.91 to end at its highest level for 12 month . 	the technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < . ixic > climb 19.11 point , or 1.2 percent , to 1,615.02 . 	643
the technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index . IXIC shed 15 point , or 0.98 percent , to 1,492 . 	the broader Standard & Poor 's 500 index < . SPX > edge down 9 point , or 0.98 percent , to 921 . 	644
with the expose feature , all open window shrink to fit on the screen but be still clear enough to identify . 	with the expose -lrb- ex-poh-say -rrb- feature , all the open window on the desktop immediately shrink to fit on the screen but be still clear enough to identify . 	645
instead , prosecutor dismiss charge and Rucker leave the courtroom a free man . 	instead he leave the courtroom a free man after authority dismiss criminal charge . 	646
`` this case be both mentally challenging and emotionally exhausting , '' say the foreman , Jim Wolfcale , a 41-year-old minister . 	Jim Wolfcale , the jury foreman and a minister , say , `` this case be both mentally challenging and emotionally exhaust . '' 	647
he arrive later this week on the first state visit by a US President . 	Mr Bush arrive on Tuesday on the first state visit by a american President . 	648
the deal , approve by both company ' board of director , be expect to be complete in the third quarter of Nvidia 's fiscal third quarter . 	the acquisition have be approve by both company ' board of director and be expect to close in the third quarter this year . 	649
the research firm earlier have forecast a increase of 4.9 percent . 	the firm have predict earlier this year a 4.9 percent increase . 	650
the volatile mix could drag the session beyond the four day allot by Bush , say Senate President Jim King . 	the Senate might support cap noneconomic damages beyond the $ 250,000 Gov. Jeb Bush propose , say Senate President Jim King . 	651
more than 100 police officer be involve in the bust that be the culmination of a two-year operation investigate the cocaine import and money laundering gang . 	more than 100 officer launch the London raid in the final phase of a two-year operation investigate a cocaine and money laundering ring . 	652
strip out the extraordinary item , fourth-quarter earnings be 64 cent a share compare to 25 cent a share in the prior year . 	earnings be 59 cent a share for the three month end May 25 compare with 15 cent a share a year earlier . 	653
but at age 15 , she have reach 260 pound and a difficult decision : it be time to try surgery . 	but at the age of 15 , she weigh a whopping 117kg and come to a difficult decision : it be time to try surgery . 	654
PeopleSoft will commit $ 863 million in cash and issue 52.6 million new share , the company say . 	the new deal would be value at $ 1.75 billion , include $ 863 million in cash and 52.6 million PeopleSoft share . 	655
`` if we could do that throughout the world , we could end terrorism , '' he say . 	this be a hospital that treat everybody as people , and if we could do that throughout the world , we could end terrorism . '' 	656
buoy by some of the advice impart by Nicklaus , Howell shoot a 8-under 64 for a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry . 	buoy by advice impart by Nicklaus , Howell shoot a 8-under 64 on Thursday to enter today 's round with a one-stroke lead over Kenny Perry . 	657
so in he state of the Union address in January , Bush declare that the british government `` have learn that Saddam Hussein recently seek significant quantity of uranium from Africa . '' 	in he Jan. 28 state of the Union message , Bush say , `` the british government have learn that Saddam Hussein recently seek significant quantity of uranium from Africa . '' 	658
net revenue rise to $ 3.99 billion from $ 3.85 billion during the same quarter last year . 	that be up from $ 1.14 billion during the same quarter last year . 	659
if it be a Bill Gates Comdex keynote , it must be time for new Tablet pc . 	if it be the Sunday night before Comdex , it must be time for yet another Bill Gates keynote . 	660
accord to report , Knight allegedly punch a parking attendant outside a Los Angeles nightclub . 	he be arrest last week for allegedly punch a parking attendant outside a nightclub in LA. . 	661
among those wait a turn be Jodie Singer , a sixth-grader from Washington , D.C. 	Jodie Singer , a sixth-grader from Washington , D.C. , anxiously await she turn at the microphone . 	662
but the cancer society say its study have be misuse . 	the American Cancer Society and several scientist say the study be flaw in several way . 	663
both be be hold in the Armstrong County jail . 	Tatar be be hold without bail in Armstrong County Prison today . 	664
a few mile further east be Tehuacan , where corn may first have be domesticate 4,000 year ago . 	a few mile west be the pyramid of Teotihuacan , where corn may first have be domesticate 4,000 year ago . 	665
the confusion cap a tumultuous week for the list , which be intend to block about 80 percent of telemarketing call . 	the free service be originally intend to block about 80 percent of telemarketer call . 	666
the other 24 member be split between representative of the security industry and so-called `` public '' board member . 	of the 24 director who be not exchange executive , half be representative of the security industry and half be designate public member . 	667
`` we strong preference be to achieve a financial restructuring out of court , and we remain hopeful we can do so , '' chief executive Marce Fuller say . 	`` we strong preference be to achieve a financial restructuring out of court , '' Mirant CEO Marce Fuller say in a prepared statement early Friday . 	668
name in the complaint be former chief executive officer Paul a. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman and former CFO Barry D. Romeril . 	the executive fine include former Chief executive Paul a. Allaire and G. Richard Thoman as well as former Chief Financial Officer Barry Romeril . 	669
the Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida become one of the first in the nation Saturday to officially reject the national denomination 's policy on homosexuality . 	the Episcopal Diocese of Central Florida vote Saturday to repudiate a decision by the denomination 's national convention to confirm a gay man as bishop . 	670
Chera Larkins , 32 , of Manhattan , charge with three sham marriage , be also charge with perjury and file a false instrument . 	Chera Larkins , 32 , of Manhattan , charge with perjury and file a false instrument in three marriage application . 	671
it estimate on Thursday it have a 51 percent market share in Europe . 	Boston Scientific say it have gain 51 percent of the coated-stent market in Europe . 	672
the Senate Banking Committee be schedule to hold a hearing on Tuesday where Donaldson be schedule to testify on hedge and mutual fund . 	the Senate Banking Committee be schedule to hold a hearing on Tuesday , when Donaldson will be question about hedge and mutual fund . 	673
the tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index . ixic be off 0.11 percent , or 1.78 point , at 1,594.13 . 	the broader Standard & Poor 's 500 index . SPX be down 0.04 point , or 0 percent , at 971.52 . 	674
these man `` be entitle to respect for they private life , '' Kennedy say . 	`` the petitioner be entitle to respect for they private life . '' 	675
Mr Morse be charge with assault and mr Darvish be charge with file a false report . 	he partner Bijan Darvish be charge with file a false police report . 	676
the mock explosion , the first event in the drill , occur in a car in industrial south Seattle . 	the mock explosion of a radioactive `` dirty bomb , '' the first event in the weeklong drill , occur on several acre in the south Seattle industrial area . 	677
the third appointment be to a new job , executive vice president and chief staff officer . 	Bruce N. Hawthorne , 53 , be name executive vice president and chief staff officer . 	678
the commission drop charge that patton improperly appoint Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and that he improperly appoint Conner 's then-husband , Seth , to the Agriculture Development Board . 	Patton also appoint Conner to the Kentucky Lottery Board and appoint Seth Conner to the Agriculture Development Board , the commission say . 	679
McGill also detail the hole that have be cut in the Caprice 's trunk . 	McGill also say a dark glove be stuff into a hole that have be cut in the Caprice 's trunk . 	680
analyst have be expect a net loss of 54 cent a share , accord to Thomson First Call . 	analyst have forecast second quarter sale of $ 614 million , accord to the Thomson First Call web site . 	681
the district also send letter yesterday inform parent of the situation . 	parent receive letter inform they of the possible contamination yesterday . 	682
Richard Grasso quit as chairman last week after lose the support of he board amid public furor over he $ 140 million pay package . 	Grasso quit last week in the wake of a firestorm of criticism over he $ 140 million compensation package . 	683
the new server will run either Linux or the x86 version of Solaris , he say . 	the server can run Solaris x86 operating system or the standard linux operating system . 	684
slide down the ice , Moriarty and Carella hit the spongy , rocky floor of the river and immediately feel the pull . 	slide down the embankment , the two rescuer hit the spongy , rocky floor of the river and immediately feel the pull . 	685
Cadbury Schweppes plc plan to cut 5500 job and shut factory after a 4.9 billion -lrb- $ a11 .9 billion -rrb- acquisition spree over the past three year inflated cost . 	Cadbury Schweppes have unveil plan to slash 5,500 job and 20 percent of its factory over four year to cut cost bring about by a acquisition spree . 	686
Mr. Sweeney outline plan for the campaign in a speech last night in Philadelphia at the annual meeting of the american Political Science Association . 	Sweeney be to outline plan for the campaign in a speech on Saturday night at the annual meeting of the american Political Science Association . 	687
it seem like a isolate incident , '' say Ariel Dean of Washington D.C. , who earn a degree in political science . 	it seem like a isolate incident , '' say graduate Ariel Dean of Washington , D.C. 	688
the jury award TVT about $ 23 million in compensatory damages and roughly $ 108 million in punitive damages . 	TVT Records seek $ 360 million in punitive damages and $ 30 million in compensatory damages , official say . 	689
TVT Records seek $ 360 million in punitive damages and $ 30 million in compensatory damages , official say . 	the damages include $ 24 million in compensatory damages and $ 52 million in punitive damages for idj . 	690
the two democrat on the five-member FCC panel hold a news conference to sway opinion against Powell . 	the two democrat on the five-member FCC hold a news conference to sway opinion against Powell and the panel 's two other republican . 	691
unit volume also set a record as notebook account for more than 40 percent of sale . 	in May 2002 , lcd account for only 22 percent of monitor sale . 	692
besides battle its sale slump , Siebel also have be spar with some investor upset about huge stock option windfall company manager have pocket . 	besides a sale slump , Siebel be spar with some shareholder over management stock option windfall . 	693
that compare with a year-earlier profit of $ 102 million , or 13 cent a share . 	that be more than double the $ 102 million , or 13 cent a share , for the year-earlier quarter . 	694
Stanford -lrb- 51-17 -rrb- and Rice -lrb- 57-12 -rrb- will play for the national championship tonight . 	Rice -lrb- 57-12 -rrb- and Stanford -lrb- 51-17 -rrb- will meet in a winner-take-all matchup at 6:05 p.m. Monday . 	695
`` the economy , nonetheless , have yet to exhibit sustainable growth . 	but the economy have not show sign of sustainable growth . 	696
a 32-count indictment `` strike at one of the very top target in the drug trafficking world , '' U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez say . 	the newly unsealed 32-count indictment allege money laundering and conspiracy and `` strike at one of the very top target in the drug-trafficking world , '' Jiménez say . 	697
a soldier be kill Monday and another wound when they convoy be ambush in northern Iraq . 	on Sunday , a U.S. soldier be kill and another injure when a munitions dump they be guard explode in southern Iraq . 	698
the commission estimate California lose $ 937 million to corporate tax shelter in 2001 . 	California 's lose tax revenue be mostly due to international corporate tax shelter . 	699
in other market , U.S. Treasuries start off on Monday weaker , as stock rise early . 	in other market , U.S. Treasuries inch higher as decline stock raise the appeal of safe-haven debt . 	700
a cost analysis be under way , say Michael Rebell , CFE 's executive director . 	`` we be not look for a Robin Hood remedy , '' say Michael Rebell , the campaign 's executive director . 	701
I be go to the court believe I could do this , only if I play my best tennis . 	`` I be believe that I be confident I could do this , but only in the case I would play my best tennis . 	702
Dotson tell FBI agent that he shoot Dennehy after the player try to shoot he , accord to the arrest warrant affidavit . 	Dotson be arrest July 21 after tell FBI agent he shoot Dennehy when Dennehy try to shoot he , accord to the arrest warrant affidavit . 	703
dog , he say , be second only to human in the thoroughness of medical understanding and research . 	he say that dog be second only to human in term of be the subject of medical research . 	704
the stock rise $ 2.11 , or about 11 percent , to close on Friday at $ 21.51 on the New York Stock Exchange . 	PG&E Corp. share jump $ 1.63 or 8 percent to $ 21.03 on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday . 	705
Eric Gagne earn he 17th save in as many opportunity as he strike out three in the ninth and allow only a infield single by Greg Norton . 	closer Eric Gagne earn he 17th save in as many opportunity as he strike out three of the four batter he face in the ninth . 	706
Blair 's government include the charge that Saddam seek uranium from Niger in a September 2002 dossier set out the case for military action . 	Britain include the accusation in a September 2002 dossier set out the case for war in Iraq . 	707
not count energy price , wholesale price be down 0.9 percent . 	energy price drop by 8.6 percent , the biggest decline since July 1986 . 	708
the spacecraft be schedule to blast off as early as tomorrow or as late as Friday from the Jiuquan launch site in the Gobi Desert . 	the spacecraft be schedule to blast off between next Wednesday and Friday from a launch site in the Gobi Desert . 	709
Hong Kong be flat , Australia , Singapore and South Korea lose 0.2-0 .4 percent . 	Australia be flat , Singapore be down 0.3 percent by midday and South Korea add 0.2 percent . 	710
suv park on residential street in Monrovia be tag with `` ELF '' and other slogan , and another be set ablaze in front of a house , Sgt. Tom Wright say . 	several suv park on residential street in Monrovia be tag with `` ELF '' and other slogan , say Sgt. Tom Wright . 	711
the technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index . ixic be down 25.36 point , or 1.53 percent , at 1,628.26 . 	the broader Standard & Poor 's 500 index . SPX give up 11.91 point , or 1.19 percent , at 986.60 . 	712
at least 11 more case in Indiana and three in Illinois be suspect . 	there be also at least three suspect case in Illinois and 11 in Indiana . 	713
the pill , which they call the `` polypill , '' would contain aspirin , a cholesterol-lowering drug , three blood pressure-lowering drug at half the standard dose and folic acid . 	the ingredient of such a polypill would contain aspirin , a cholesterol-lowering statin , three blood pressure-lowering agent in half dose , and folic acid . 	714
`` they drive around in they car , while people be be kill 500 metre away , '' he say on Sunday . 	`` what they be do right now be they drive around in they car , while people be be kill 500 metre away . 	715
at Tuesday 's arraignment hearing , Marsh plead not guilty to 122 count of burial service fraud and 47 count of make false statement . 	at the hearing he plead not guilty to the burial service fraud and false statement charge . 	716
still , revenue from the extra premium would not be huge . 	how would the extra premium be collect ? 	717
the Pentagon have hope to retain control of the postwar effort , so the decision be a victory for Secretary of State Colin L. Powell . 	the Pentagon have hope to retain control of the postwar effort , so the decision be see by some insider as a victory for Powell and the State Department . 	718
Aiken 's study appear in the Sept. 24 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association . 	the finding appear in Wednesday 's Journal of the American Medical Association . 	719
Semiconductor giant Intel Corp. say yesterday that its second-quarter profit double from a year ago as stronger-than-expected demand for computer microprocessor offset the weakness of its communication chip business . 	Intel Corp. 's second-quarter profit double and revenue grow 8 percent from a year ago as the chip-making giant report stronger-than-expected demand for personal computer microprocessor . 	720
a Merrill Lynch spokesman say `` we be please with the judge 's decision . '' 	`` we be very pleased with the judge 's decision , '' Merrill say yesterday . 	721
Trans fat be create when hydrogen be add to vegetable oil , solidify it and increase the shelf life of certain food product . 	Trans fat be create when vegetable oil have be partially hydrogenate , solidify it and increase the shelf life of certain product . 	722
Schroeder cancel he italian holiday after Stefani refuse to apologise for the slur , which come after Berlusconi compare a german politician to a nazi concentration camp guard . 	Stefani 's remark further stoke tension after italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi last week compare a german member of the European Parliament to a nazi concentration camp guard . 	723
Dell 's OpenManage software include Dell Update package with sms to help automate the management of server hardware , application and operate system patch with a single tool . 	the update package help `` automate the management of server hardware , application and operate system patch use one tool , '' which be unpleasantly vague . 	724
he will be sweep over any minute or just die of the cold , Moriarty think . 	from the top of the embankment , Moriarty think , `` he will be sweep over any minute or just die of the cold . '' 	725
lurd 's ja ` neh also call for a interim government and the deployment of a u.s.-led western peacekeeping force . 	the rebel be also call for the deployment of a u.s.-led peacekeep force . 	726
KEDO Spokesman , Roland Tricot say : `` the executive board decide to refer this question to capital . 	`` the executive board decide to refer this to the capital , '' the Korean Energy Development Organization say . 	727
but skeptic be concern about the ease with which vendor can use these hardware-based security feature to set digital rights management policy . 	but skeptic be concern about the ease at which these hardware-based security feature could be use to set digital rights management policy by vendor . 	728
Prof Sally Baldwin , 63 , from York , fall into a cavity which open up when the structure collapse at Tiburtina station , italian railway official say . 	Sally Baldwin , from York , be kill instantly when a walkway collapse and she fall into the machinery at Tiburtina station . 	729
it call for the agency to plan a independent safety and engineering organization . 	the agency have yet to fully formulate a strategy for the creation of a independent engineering technical authority . 	730
WorldCom 's accounting problem come to light early last year , and the company file for bankruptcy in July 2002 , cite massive accounting irregularity . 	WorldCom 's financial trouble come to light last year and the company subsequently file for bankruptcy in July , 2002 . 	731
prosecutor do a about-face in May and ask that the autopsy report be unseal after portion of Conner Peterson 's autopsy report favorable to the defense be leak to the media . 	they ask that the autopsy report be unseal after portion of the autopsy report on Peterson 's unborn son that be favorable to the defense be leak to the media . 	733
volume be moderate at 827.68 million share , up from 798.95 million at the same point Tuesday . 	volume come to 439.66 million share , below 450.39 million at the same point Wednesday . 	734
Penn Traffic 's stock close at 36 cent per share on Wednesday on Nasdaq , up two cent . 	Penn Traffic stock close Wednesday at 36 cent , up 2 cent , or 6.2 percent , from Tuesday 's close . 	735
hotly contest legislation that would change the state 's takeover law and help a michigan-based development company fend off a takeover clear the state Senate on Thursday . 	legislation that would change state takeover law and help Bloomfield hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. fend off a $ 1-billion takeover win committee approval Tuesday . 	736
however , other union include the powerful CGT remain oppose to the reform and demand the government begin fresh negotiation with they . 	the powerful CGT and other union remain oppose to the plan , however , and demand the government renegotiate the reform with they . 	737
the family own cheetah strip club here and in Las Vegas . 	the search be conduct simultaneously with raid on strip club in San Diego and Las Vegas . 	738
the new bill would have Medicare cover 95 percent of drug cost over $ 5,100 . 	above that , senior would be responsible for 100 percent of drug cost until the out-of-pocket total reach $ 3,600 . 	739
several thousand 3rd Infantry troops , include the 3rd brigade Combat Team base at Fort Benning in Columbus , begin return last week . 	a few thousand troops , most from the division 's 3rd brigade Combat Team base at Fort Benning in Columbus , begin return last week , with flight continue through Friday . 	740
the study also find that consumer goods advertiser continue to spend the most dollar online , represent 35 % of all web advertising . 	in the second quarter , consumer advertiser continue to spend the most online , slightly increase they share . 	741
Prairie dog sell as exotic pet be believe to have be infect in a Illinois pet shop by a gambian giant rat import from Africa . 	Prairie dog be believe to have become infected in a pet shop through a gambian rat import from Africa . 	742
the defense can not appeal Roush 's ruling until after the trial . 	Defense lawyer can not appeal the ruling until after trial , in the appellate court . 	743
crohn 's disease cause inflammation of the intestine and symptom include diarrhea , pain , weight loss and tiredness . 	symptom include chronic diarrhoea , abdominal pain , weight loss and extreme tiredness . 	744
the committee be appoint by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under order from Congress . 	the public hearing be the second for the panel create by Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld under pressure from Congress . 	745
Authorities identify the tipster as Richard Powell , who be imprison for kill he landlady in 1982 . 	Powell be serve time in a different case -- kill he landlady in 1982 . 	746
Kiernan testify that Seifert have receive a gunshot wound to the back . 	Seifert , he testify , have a gunshot wound in the back . 	747
former Indiana Rep. Frank McCloskey , 64 , die Sunday in Bloomington after a battle with bladder cancer . 	McCloskey die Sunday afternoon in he home after a year-long battle with bladder cancer . 	748
hospital and the Red Cross appeal to blood donor yesterday . 	the Connecticut Hospital Association join the Red Cross Monday in call for more blood donor . 	749
it be price at $ 5,995 for a unlimited number of user tap into the single processor , or $ 195 per user with a minimum of five user . 	it be price at $ 5,995 or $ 195 on a per user licensing plan with a minimum of five user . 	750
