I remain under the banyan tree , exhaust by my daily ritual of dragoon the man every two hour . 	I remain under the banyan tree , exhaust by my daily ritual of herd the cat every two hour . 	1
in the US , it will depend on the school . 	it really depend on the school and the program . 	2
there be also what the string be make of . 	there be also a youtube-version of the film . 	3
you also imply you may not be pay if they can not place you with a client . 	you can do it , but you might not be a professor . 	4
I do this one time as well . 	I have this habit as well . 	5
you just have to base you answer on what you do know , which be what you want . 	you may want it , but the process give to you be what you have to work within . 	6
you do not need to worry . 	you do not have to worry . 	7
you should do it . 	you should do what it say . 	8
you should just ask you boss what he want you to do . 	you should listen to you boss , because you be not pay to tell the boss what to do . 	9
you need to read a lot to know what you like and what you do not . 	you have to decide how much you want to demand , and what unmet demand you can live with . 	10
it depend on what you want to have in you tank . 	i think it depend what you want : 	11
you can do it , too . 	yes , you can do it . 	12
you should do it . 	you can do it , too . 	13
you have to decide what you want to get out of this . 	you have to know what you want to do . 	14
I have few suggestion for you : 	I have two suggestion for you : 	15
you want to start in the room that be the largest to make sure you have the straightest start . 	you will have to start with the clinic. , and maybe move on to the insurance company . 	16
if you do not want to derail the meeting , but the key be to speak up . 	the key thing you need to do in this meeting be listen . 	17
unfortunately the answer to you question be we simply do not know . 	my answer to you question be `` probably not '' . 	18
as soon as possible . 	Start they as early as possible . 	19
you just have to base you answer on what you do know , which be what you want . 	it depend on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it . 	20
the answer to both question be : yes . 	the answer to both of you question be yes . 	21
to give this a answer : 	I will answer this question : 	22
unfortunately the answer to you question be we simply do not know . 	sorry , I do not know the answer to you question . 	23
the rule - when in doubt throw it out ! 	I always go by the rule `` when in doubt , throw it out ! 	24
this be not a good idea . 	this sound like a very bad idea . 	25
yes , it be probably a good idea to renew you passport . 	it be a good idea . 	26
it probably depend on the cut of meat . 	it depend on the meat and how it be cut . 	27
it be not a good idea . 	it be a good question . 	28
it be pretty much up to you . 	it be much better to ask . 	29
yes , there be a reason for it . 	yes , that be exactly what it mean . 	30
have you try ask you employee ? 	have you try ask ? 	31
you guy be make this all WAAAAAY too complicated . 	you be make this too complicated . 	32
you do not have to know . 	you have no need to do anything . 	33
there be two thing to consider : 	there be two possible cause for this : 	34
work into it slowly . 	it seem to work . 	35
you can buy it on amazon for $ 5 . 	you can buy it on ebay for $ 25 and up . 	36
the coffee simply pick up the aluminum from the pot , as the coffee be acidic . 	one idea be clean the coffee residue from the coffee pot . 	37
there be two way to start with : plunge and drip . 	there be two traditional way to bend wood : 	38
you might have to try a variety before you find one that click with he . 	my advice would be to try a variety of coffee that you can afford and find one you like . 	39
it be not a good idea . 	it be not a good idea . 	40
you just have to base you answer on what you do know , which be what you want . 	they can , but the way to do it depend on what you have available . 	41
yes , you should mention you experience . 	yes , you should mention it . 	42
from what I understand this be what you can do : 	can you do this ? 	43
take a look at these : 	take a look at this : 	44
I would say it primarily depend on two thing : 	I would say it depend on the ultimate outcome you want ? 	45
some of what you can do : 	not much you can do besides : 	46
this be not a good idea . 	but it be not a good idea . 	47
the answer so far be already good , but I would like to add a map for Switzerland : 	you have a lot of answer already , but I would like to add curry as another solution . 	48
I be in a similar situation . 	I have a similar situation . 	49
I have have this same problem . 	I have this same problem . 	50
there be no maximum . 	there be no quarantine period . 	51
I be not sure this be the right site for the question . 	I be not sure this question would have make much sense to the Romans themselves . 	52
it depend on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it . 	in other word , it depend on where you go , when you do there and how . 	53
you need to read a lot to know what you like and what you do not . 	yes , you should create a portfolio site to showcase what you can do and what you have do . 	54
you be not disclose key info . 	no you be not . 	55
it depend on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it . 	I guess it depend on what you be go to do . 	56
you just have to base you answer on what you do know , which be what you want . 	it be he job to see that you have what you need to do you job . 	57
it depend on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it . 	it depend on what you want to achieve . 	58
this be a problem that the professor have to deal with . 	this be a big problem . 	59
this be a very unusual request . 	this sound a bit unusual . 	60
it very much depend on the grant in question . 	I think it depend very much on the area . 	61
I have the same thing . 	I have have the same problem . 	62
no it do not affect you rating . 	no it be not . 	63
my answer to you question be `` probably not '' . 	I think that the short answer to you question be : no . 	64
I do not think it make any tremendous difference . 	I do not think it make much difference . 	65
it depend on what they be . 	it depend on what they be evaluate , and how . 	66
there be not a lot you can do about that . 	there be not that much that you can do with a sourdough starter . 	67
you answer you own question . 	you have answer you own question . 	68
you just have to base you answer on what you do know , which be what you want . 	th answer to you problem be that you dont actually know what you be get in . 	69
this be not a good idea . 	this be probably not a good idea but I will suggest it anyhow . 	70
the best thing you can do be to know you stuff . 	my recommendation be not to say anything , and do the best you can . 	71
I would say it primarily depend on two thing : 	I would say it depend what condition you have . 	72
you do not have to know . 	you do not have to do anything to season it . 	73
I have the same thing . 	I have the same situation and have travel extensively . 	74
it be not a good idea . 	I do not think it be a good idea . 	75
you be on the right path . 	you be right on the mark . 	76
this do not answer you question , but : 	this be a part answer to you question 	77
how should I proceed about this ? 	so how should I do this ? 	78
do this page answer you question ? 	do this answer you question ? 	79
you can use it , too . 	you can still use it for practice . 	80
it really depend on how the employer document it . 	it depend how you be state it . 	81
I have have this same problem . 	I have have this problem while work in a pub . 	82
you need to read a lot to know what you like and what you do not . 	it depend on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it . 	it depend on what you want to be able to do . 	84
yes , you have to file a tax return in Canada . 	you be not require to file a tax return in Canada if you have no taxable income . 	85
I do not see why there should be any problem with this whatsoever . 	I do not see why that should be a problem . 	86
Hope this be what you be look for . 	if what you be look for be much higher , they get the picture . 	87
the best thing you can do be to know you stuff . 	the best thing to do be to overcome the fussiness . 	88
it depend on the dish and how amenable it be at the stage you make the mistake . 	it depend on the sauce and the result you want . 	89
you just have to base you answer on what you do know , which be what you want . 	you have to do what be right for you . 	90
you probably do not have any chance at the moment . 	say `` thanks , I do not have any question at the moment . '' 	91
it really do not matter . 	it do not matter unless it be really far off . 	92
you do not need to know everything . 	you do not have to know . 	93
I think you be look for Mikey -lrb- 1992 -rrb- . 	I think you be look for the movie 	94
it make absolutely no difference . 	no , it make no difference . 	95
I think it be fine to ask this question . 	I think it be okay to ask the question . 	96
I be go to be very direct here . 	I be go to be blunt , here : you do not . 	97
you just have to base you answer on what you do know , which be what you want . 	yes , you can do exactly what you want to do . 	98
you should do it . 	you should prime it first . 	99
there be not a lot you can do about that . 	I be afraid there be not really a lot you can do . 	100
what kind of insulation be it ? 	what kind of floor be above ? 	101
it depend entirely on you company and you contract . 	I guess it depend on the nature of you contract . 	102
you answer you own question . 	you have answer you own question already . 	103
I do not think that there be any . 	I do not think there be any universal term . 	104
there be a few thing you can do : 	there be a few minimally-effective thing you can do at the personal level . 	105
this be the tip I find most useful : 	something like this be useful : 	106
that be what I believe . 	yes , I believe it be a good idea . 	107
if you be not sure how to do it , do not do it at all . 	if not , do not do that and spend that time with something you like to do . 	108
it be all in she head . 	it be all about adhesion . 	109
if you be not sure how to do it , do not do it at all . 	if you do not have a very strong scientific reason to do it , do not . 	110
you need to read a lot to know what you like and what you do not . 	you have to know what you want to do . 	111
I would say you can do it , but it would not be advise . 	personally , I would say not unless it suit you . 	112
can you do this ? 	can you do it ? 	113
sure , I have do this very trip . 	I have do this many dozen of time . 	114
you can use it , too . 	you can do it , too . 	115
how do you do that ? 	how to do that ? 	116
I would say you can do it , but it would not be advise . 	I would say it be impossible to know , so do not risk it . 	118
unfortunately the answer to you question be we simply do not know . 	the answer to you question be not really . 	119
if you be not sure how to do it , do not do it at all . 	you do not , it will not work . 	120
it be also a matter of taste . 	it be definitely just a matter of preference . 	121
it be not a good idea . 	it be a good idea to do both . 	122
this answer be base on my experience teaching undergraduate math in the US . 	this answer be base on experience I do not research for reference . 	123
there be a few thing I think you should do . 	there be quite a few thing you would need to do ; 	124
you will want to clean the area first . 	you will also want to remove the seed . 	125
it depend on what you want to have in you tank . 	it depend on what you want to achieve . 	126
there be a couple of option that you could consider : 	there be a lot of way that could go poorly for you . 	127
you do not have to worry . 	since you have one ticket , you do not have to worry . 	128
vietnamese citizen need a visa to visit the USA . 	nepalese citizen require a visa to visit the UK . 	129
it depend on how it be use . 	it depend on how long it be be out . 	130
I do not see why there should be any problem with this whatsoever . 	I do not see why this could be a problem . 	131
there be not a lot you can do about that . 	I really do not think there be much you can do about that . 	132
you get it right . 	yes you get it . 	133
you just have to base you answer on what you do know , which be what you want . 	remember this be you degree we be talk about , its up to you what you want to do . 	134
how do you do that ? 	how should you do that ? 	135
I be in a similar situation . 	I be in a similar situation . 	136
what be you lid make of ? 	what be you paper for ? 	137
you do not need any visa . 	you do not need sauce at all . 	138
that be you problem , not you supervisor 's . 	work with you supervisor and you team to solve the problem . 	139
it depend on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it . 	it be up to you what you want to do next . 	140
there be two thing to consider : 	a couple thing to consider : 	141
it depend entirely on you company and you contract . 	it depend on you company . 	142
the wood probably be not rotten , it be just wear out . 	it be just wear out and not safe . 	143
well , I would not put it on my cv . 	I would not put this job on my resume . 	144
this be a great one ... 	this be a difficult one . 	145
the answer to both question be : yes . 	to directly answer the two question in you title . 	146
yes , there be a reason to not do what you propose . 	valid reason to feel the way you do , but not a reason to resign . 	147
I think it be depend on the program . 	it depend on how the term be use I think . 	148
can you do this ? 	so , CAN you do this ? 	149
I think there be not a general answer . 	I do not think there be a answer for this . 	150
there be a few thing you can do : 	there be a couple thing you can try . 	151
the key be you have to find something that work for you , and you goal . 	you may want it , but the process give to you be what you have to work within . 	152
you do not have to know . 	I think you have pretty much do you review . 	you have pretty much answer you own question . 	154
there be a few thing I think you should do . 	there be a few thing I do not understand : 	155
you burn more Calories digest protein than you do carbohydrate and fat . 	the more you sweat , the faster you will burn calorie and fat . 	156
it depend on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it . 	you get it right . 	you have get it right . 	158
you answer you own question . 	you pretty much answer you own question . 	159
I have the same thing . 	I have the same problem as you . 	160
yes , there be a chemical difference . 	yes , there be a reason for it . 	161
they can be out of level by a bit , but flat be important . 	yes , although they can be a bit sour . 	162
I would look at this : U.S. 	I would look at this way : 	163
you be on the right path . 	you be on the right path . 	164
if you have not , you should . 	you should , but you do not have to . 	165
yes it be common ! 	the simple answer be yes ! 	166
I do not think that there be any . 	I do not think there be any benefit . 	167
it look to I that this be set up for what you want : 	it be up to you whether you want to do that . 	168
Problem be , the system do not account for people who could care less about money , or title . 	the Joker do not care about money . 	169
in the first case , I think you do not need it . 	so I do not think you need to put it on the cover . 	170
it be impossible to answer this question without a form check . 	it be difficult , if not impossible , to give a complete answer to this question . 	171
you need to add this to you resume because it be the only position you have have . 	this give you the opportunity to make you case that you really do have expertise in XXX . 	172
work into it slowly . 	you work on it slowly . 	173
no , you do not need a bread machine . 	you do not need to worry . 	174
yes , it be possible to publish a paper on model analysis . 	yes , it be hard to publish in a peer review journal . 	175
you just have to base you answer on what you do know , which be what you want . 	so if that be what you need , you really do have to be explicit about it . 	176
yes , you should mention you experience . 	yes , you should make a résumé . 	177
I think it be great that you have a test conduct . 	I think that be a great plan . 	178
you do not have to know . 	other than that you do not have a tax issue . 	179
yes , there be a rule against this . 	there be no rule against it . 	180
what be you goal ? 	what be you goal ? 	181
I be go to go out on a limb here ... 	I be go to be very direct here . 	182
if you long stay visa for Switzerland be valid , then you will not need a transit visa . 	you do not need a transit visa , but to enter Zurich you will need a visa . 	183
a few more point to think about : 	a few thing to think about : 	184
now you do not have to be perfect on every answer . 	you do not have to know . 	185
I be afraid we be out of luck in this one . 	I think this be one of those thing where you be just out of luck . 	186
it be more decide what you should do and what you should get other to do . 	point be : know what you want and do not be afraid to ask for it . 	187
it vary by the situation . 	this vary by institution . 	188
I have the same thing . 	I have the same problem . 	189
I have the same thing . 	I have the exact same problem . 	190
you be on the right path . 	you be right on about the sample definition . 	191
the best thing you can do be to know you stuff . 	the best thing you can do be find something else interesting to do while you wait on hold . 	193
it be also a matter of taste . 	it be mostly a matter of taste . 	194
I be in a similar situation . 	personally when I be in a similar situation I send the couple a card and a gift . 	195
you can use it , too . 	yes , you can do it . 	196
you have to decide what you want to get out of this . 	you have to find out what work for you . 	197
it depend on what they be . 	it depend on how it be use . 	198
I have the same problem as you . 	I have just have the same problem . 	199
sometime if you really want it you might need to pay a agency to get the place for you . 	you could probably get a tour agency to do it for you but it would cost you . 	200
you do not need to know everything . 	they just do not want you to know it . 	201
also it be useful to keep the consistency in you story . 	it be important to keep the story in the scope of you limit . 	202
I think it be just a habit . 	I think it be a bad idea . 	203
it be not a good idea . 	no , it be not a good thing . 	204
I be think it be a bad idea . 	I think it be a bad idea . 	205
it depend on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it . 	you need to pick how and where you want to place you foot and do it . 	206
you have a problem . 	this be a big problem . 	207
unfortunately the answer to you question be we simply do not know . 	if the conversation be not about work , you know what the answer be to you own question . 	208
unfortunately , this question can not be answer in its full generality . 	this can not be answer in general . 	209
I would personally beware of the Motley Fool . 	I would recommend look at the Motley Fool . 	210
I think there be not a general answer . 	I do not think there be a single definition . 	211
it be not a good idea . 	not a good idea . 	212
you do not need any visa . 	you do not have to worry . 	213
you have to decide what you want to get out of this . 	you be probably go to have to read various blog to get all the information you want . 	214
I have the same problem as you . 	I have exactly the same problem . 	215
my answer to you question be `` probably not '' . 	the answer to you question be not really . 	216
you should do it . 	you should never do it . 	217
I have the same problem as you . 	I have the same issue . 	218
Hope this be what you be look for . 	be this the kind of thing you be look for ? 	219
there be two thing to consider : 	I think there be two important thing to consider : 	220
it be pretty much up to you . 	it be up to you . 	221
there be a few thing you can do : 	there be a few thing you need to consider : 	222
the answer to this and all such similar question be in two stage : 	the answer to both question be : yes . 	223
it be impossible to answer this question without a form check . 	this be a part answer to you question 	224
there be a few thing you can do : 	there be a few thing I think you should do . 	225
it depend on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it . 	it depend on what and where you be go to do . 	226
there be a few possible reason . 	there be a few reason that paint wrinkle . 	227
there be three option : 	there be only three option : 	228
so think it in this way . 	think of it this way . 	229
maybe this could work for you . 	maybe this can work for you . 	230
it depend on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it . 	they can , but the way to do it depend on what you have available . 	231
Microwave would be you best bet . 	you best bet be research . 	232
in the US , it will depend on the school . 	this will depend on the university . 	233
it be not a good idea . 	it be not just a good idea , it be a excellent idea . 	234
there be a few thing I think you should do . 	there be a few minimally-effective thing you can do at the personal level . 	235
I have have this same problem . 	I have this same situation . 	236
this be not a good idea . 	not a good idea . 	237
I realize there be already a accept answer but I figure I would add my 2 cent . 	I know this be a old question but I feel I should add my 2 cent . 	238
yes , there be a reason to not do what you propose . 	yes , there be a chemical difference . 	239
yes , there be at least one to my knowledge . 	to my knowledge , there be no time requirement . 	240
you do not have to worry . 	you do not have to do anything to season it . 	241
there be no test that can tell you if it be seal or not . 	there be no code tell you that you can not do this . 	242
yes , you should make a résumé . 	yes , you should talk to you professor . 	243
you should not feel any obligation at all . 	you do not need sauce at all . 	244
I have have this same problem . 	I have this problem before . 	245
you may have to experiment and find what you like . 	you have to find out what work for you . 	246
my answer to you question be `` probably not '' . 	this be a part answer to you question 	247
the key thing to realize here be that it be not you job to make people do they work . 	it really be not you problem how they be go to find a qualify person to do the job . 	248
not a direct answer to the question , but something to consider . 	not a real answer to you question , but maybe it help . 	249
there be two possible cause for this : 	there be two option for you - 	250
I agree with the other comment . 	I agree with the previous comment . 	251
the answer to both question be : yes . 	if the answer to any of these question be yes , a phd may be worthwhile for you . 	252
it rather depend on which country you be in . 	that depend on which country you be in . 	253
this be a terrible idea . 	this be a bad idea . 	254
