I remained under the banyan tree , exhausted by my daily ritual of dragooning the men every two hours . 	I remained under the banyan tree , exhausted by my daily ritual of herding the cats every two hours . 	1
In the US , it will depend on the school . 	It really depends on the school and the program . 	2
There 's also what the string is made of . 	There is also a Youtube-Version of the film . 	3
You also imply you may not be paid if they can not place you with a client . 	You can do it , but you might not be a professor . 	4
I did this one time as well . 	I have this habit as well . 	5
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want . 	You may want it , but the process given to you is what you have to work within . 	6
You do not need to worry . 	You do n't have to worry . 	7
You should do it . 	You should do what it says . 	8
You should just ask your boss what he wants you to do . 	You should listen to your boss , because you 're not paid to tell the boss what to do . 	9
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you do n't . 	You have to decide how much you want to demand , and what unmet demands you can live with . 	10
It depends on what you want to have in your tank . 	i think it depends what you want : 	11
You can do it , too . 	Yes , you can do it . 	12
You should do it . 	You can do it , too . 	13
You have to decide what you want to get out of this . 	You have to know what you want to do . 	14
I have few suggestions for you : 	I have two suggestions for you : 	15
You want to start in the room that is the largest to make sure you have the straightest start . 	You will have to start with the clinic. , and maybe move on to the insurance company . 	16
if you do n't want to derail the meeting , but the key is to speak up . 	The key thing you need to do in this meeting is listen . 	17
Unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know . 	My answer to your question is `` Probably Not '' . 	18
As soon as possible . 	Start them as early as possible . 	19
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want . 	It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it . 	20
The answer to both questions is : Yes . 	The answer to both of your questions is yes . 	21
To give this an answer : 	I 'll answer this question : 	22
Unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know . 	Sorry , I do n't know the answer to your question . 	23
The rule - When in doubt throw it out ! 	I always go by the rule `` When in doubt , throw it out ! 	24
This is not a good idea . 	This sound like a very bad idea . 	25
Yes , it 's probably a good idea to renew your passport . 	It 's a good idea . 	26
It probably depends on the cut of meat . 	It depends on the meat and how it 's cut . 	27
It 's not a good idea . 	It 's a good question . 	28
It 's pretty much up to you . 	It 's much better to ask . 	29
Yes , there is a reason for it . 	Yes , that is exactly what it means . 	30
Have you tried asking your employees ? 	Have you tried asking ? 	31
You guys are making this all WAAAAAY too complicated . 	You are making this too complicated . 	32
You do n't have to know . 	You have no need to do anything . 	33
There are two things to consider : 	There are two possible causes for this : 	34
Work into it slowly . 	It seems to work . 	35
You can buy it on amazon for $ 5 . 	You can buy it on ebay for $ 25 and up . 	36
The coffee simply picks up the aluminum from the pot , as the coffee is acidic . 	One idea is cleaning the coffee residue from the coffee pot . 	37
There are two ways to start with : plunging and dripping . 	There are two traditional ways to bend wood : 	38
You might have to try a variety before you find one that clicks with him . 	My advice would be to try a variety of coffees that you can afford and find one you like . 	39
It 's not a good idea . 	It is not a good idea . 	40
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want . 	They can , but the way to do it depends on what you have available . 	41
Yes , you should mention your experience . 	Yes , you should mention it . 	42
From what I understand this is what you can do : 	Can you do this ? 	43
Take a look at these : 	Take a look at this : 	44
I 'd say it primarily depends on two things : 	I 'd say it depends on the ultimate outcome you want ? 	45
Some of what you can do : 	Not much you can do besides : 	46
This is not a good idea . 	But it is not a good idea . 	47
The answers so far are already good , but I 'd like to add a map for Switzerland : 	You have a lot of answers already , but I 'd like to add Curries as another solutions . 	48
I was in a similar situation . 	I had a similar situation . 	49
I 've had this same problem . 	I had this same problem . 	50
There is no maximum . 	There is no quarantine period . 	51
I am not sure this is the right site for the question . 	I am not sure this question would have made much sense to the Romans themselves . 	52
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it . 	In other words , it depends on where you go , when you do there and how . 	53
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you do n't . 	Yes , you should create a portfolio site to showcase what you can do and what you 've done . 	54
You are not disclosing key info . 	No you are not . 	55
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it . 	I guess it depends on what you 're going to do . 	56
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want . 	It is his job to see that you have what you need to do your job . 	57
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it . 	It depends on what you want to achieve . 	58
This is a problem that the professor has to deal with . 	This is a big problem . 	59
This is a very unusual request . 	This sounds a bit unusual . 	60
It very much depends on the grant in question . 	I think it depends very much on the area . 	61
I have the same thing . 	I have had the same problem . 	62
No it does not affect your ratings . 	No it is not . 	63
My answer to your question is `` Probably Not '' . 	I think that the short answer to your question is : No . 	64
I do n't think it makes any tremendous difference . 	I do n't think it makes much difference . 	65
It depends on what they are . 	It depends on what they are evaluating , and how . 	66
There 's not a lot you can do about that . 	There 's not that much that you can do with a sourdough starter . 	67
You answered your own question . 	You have answered your own question . 	68
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want . 	Th answer to you problem is that you dont actually know what you 're getting in . 	69
This is not a good idea . 	This is probably not a good idea but I will suggest it anyhow . 	70
The best thing you can do is to know your stuff . 	My recommendation is not to say anything , and do the best you can . 	71
I 'd say it primarily depends on two things : 	I 'd say it depends what conditions you have . 	72
You do n't have to know . 	You do n't have to do anything to season it . 	73
I have the same thing . 	I have the same situation and have traveled extensively . 	74
It 's not a good idea . 	I do not think it 's a good idea . 	75
You are on the right path . 	You are right on the mark . 	76
This does n't answer your question , but : 	This is a part answer to your question 	77
How should I proceed about this ? 	So how should I do this ? 	78
Does this page answer your question ? 	Does this answer your questions ? 	79
You can use it , too . 	You can still use it for practice . 	80
It really depends on how the employer documents it . 	It depends how you 're stating it . 	81
I 've had this same problem . 	I 've had this problem while working in a pubs . 	82
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you do n't . 	It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it . 	It depends on what you want to be able to do . 	84
Yes , you have to file a tax return in Canada . 	You are not required to file a tax return in Canada if you have no taxable income . 	85
I do n't see why there should be any problem with this whatsoever . 	I do n't see why that should be a problem . 	86
Hope this is what you are looking for . 	If what you are looking for is much higher , they get the picture . 	87
The best thing you can do is to know your stuff . 	The best thing to do is to overcome the fussiness . 	88
It depends on the dish and how amenable it is at the stage you make the mistake . 	It depends on the sauce and the result you want . 	89
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want . 	You have to do what is right for you . 	90
You PROBABLY do n't have any chance at the moment . 	Saying `` thanks , I do n't have any questions at the moment . '' 	91
It really does n't matter . 	It does n't matter unless it is really far off . 	92
You do n't need to know everything . 	You do n't have to know . 	93
I think you 're looking for Mikey -LRB- 1992 -RRB- . 	I think you 're looking for the movie 	94
It makes absolutely NO difference . 	No , it makes no difference . 	95
I think it 's fine to ask this question . 	I think it is okay to ask the question . 	96
I 'm going to be very direct here . 	I 'm going to be blunt , here : You do n't . 	97
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want . 	Yes , you can do exactly what you want to do . 	98
You should do it . 	You should prime it first . 	99
There 's not a lot you can do about that . 	I 'm afraid there 's not really a lot you can do . 	100
What kind of insulation is it ? 	What kind of floors are above ? 	101
It depends entirely on your company and your contract . 	I guess it depends on the nature of your contract . 	102
You answered your own question . 	You 've answered your own question already . 	103
I do n't think that there 's any . 	I do n't think there is any universal term . 	104
There are a few things you can do : 	There are a few minimally-effective things you can do at the personal level . 	105
This is the tip I find most useful : 	Something like this is useful : 	106
That 's what I believe . 	Yes , I believe it 's a good idea . 	107
If you are not sure how to do it , do n't do it at all . 	If not , do n't do that and spend that time with something you like to do . 	108
It 's all in her head . 	It 's all about adhesion . 	109
If you are not sure how to do it , do n't do it at all . 	If you do not have a very strong scientific reason to do it , do n't . 	110
You need to read a lot to know what you like and what you do n't . 	You have to know what you want to do . 	111
I would say you can do it , but it would n't be advised . 	Personally , I would say not unless it suits you . 	112
Can you do this ? 	Can you do it ? 	113
Sure , I 've done this very trip . 	I 've done this many dozens of times . 	114
You can use it , too . 	You can do it , too . 	115
How do you do that ? 	How to do that ? 	116
I would say you can do it , but it would n't be advised . 	I would say it is impossible to know , so do n't risk it . 	118
Unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know . 	The answer to your question is not really . 	119
If you are not sure how to do it , do n't do it at all . 	You do n't , it will not work . 	120
It 's also a matter of taste . 	It 's definitely just a matter of preference . 	121
It 's not a good idea . 	It 's a good idea to do both . 	122
This answer is based on my experience teaching undergraduate math in the US . 	This answer is based on experience I did not researched for references . 	123
There are a few things I think you should do . 	There are quite a few things you would need to do ; 	124
You will want to clean the area first . 	You will also want to remove the seeds . 	125
It depends on what you want to have in your tank . 	It depends on what you want to achieve . 	126
There are a couple of options that you could consider : 	There are a lot of ways that could go poorly for you . 	127
You do n't have to worry . 	Since you have one ticket , you do n't have to worry . 	128
Vietnamese citizens need a visa to visit the USA . 	Nepalese citizens require a visa to visit the UK . 	129
It depends on how it 's used . 	It depends on how long it 's been out . 	130
I do n't see why there should be any problem with this whatsoever . 	I do n't see why this could be a problem . 	131
There 's not a lot you can do about that . 	I really do not think there is much you can do about that . 	132
You got it right . 	Yes you got it . 	133
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want . 	Remember this is your degree we are talking about , its up to you what you want to do . 	134
How do you do that ? 	How should you do that ? 	135
I was in a similar situation . 	I am in a similar situation . 	136
What is your lid made of ? 	What is your paper for ? 	137
You do n't need any visa . 	You do n't need sauce at all . 	138
That is your problem , not your supervisor 's . 	Work with your supervisor and your team to solve the problem . 	139
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it . 	It 's up to you what you want to do next . 	140
There are two things to consider : 	A couple things to consider : 	141
It depends entirely on your company and your contract . 	It depends on your company . 	142
The wood probably is n't rotten , it 's just worn out . 	It 's just worn out and not safe . 	143
Well , I would n't put it on my cv . 	I would n't put this job on my resume . 	144
This is a great one ... 	This is a difficult one . 	145
The answer to both questions is : Yes . 	To directly answer the two questions in your title . 	146
Yes , there is a reason to not do what you propose . 	Valid reasons to feel the way you do , but not a reason to resign . 	147
I think it is depends on the program . 	It depends on how the term is used I think . 	148
Can you do this ? 	So , CAN you do this ? 	149
I think there is n't a general answer . 	I do n't think there is an answer for this . 	150
There are a few things you can do : 	There are a couple things you can try . 	151
The key is you have to find something that works for you , and your goals . 	You may want it , but the process given to you is what you have to work within . 	152
You do n't have to know . 	I think you 've pretty much done your review . 	You 've pretty much answered your own question . 	154
There are a few things I think you should do . 	There are a few things I do n't understand : 	155
You burn more Calories digesting protein than you do carbohydrates and fat . 	The more you sweat , the faster you will burn calories and fat . 	156
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it . 	You got it right . 	You 've got it right . 	158
You answered your own question . 	You pretty much answered your own question . 	159
I have the same thing . 	I had the same problem as you . 	160
Yes , there is a chemical difference . 	Yes , there is a reason for it . 	161
They can be out of level by a bit , but flat is important . 	Yes , although they can be a bit sour . 	162
I would look at this : U.S. 	I would look at this way : 	163
You are on the right path . 	You 're on the right path . 	164
If you have n't , you should . 	You should , but you do n't have to . 	165
Yes it is common ! 	The simple answer is yes ! 	166
I do n't think that there 's any . 	I do n't think there are any benefits . 	167
It looks to me that this is set up for what you want : 	It is up to you whether you want to do that . 	168
Problem is , the system does n't account for people who could care less about money , or title . 	The Joker does n't care about money . 	169
In the first case , I think you do n't need it . 	So I do n't think you need to put it on the cover . 	170
It is impossible to answer this question without a form check . 	It is difficult , if not impossible , to give a complete answer to this question . 	171
You need to add this to your resume because it is the only position you have had . 	This gives you the opportunity to make your case that you really do have expertise in XXX . 	172
Work into it slowly . 	You work on it slowly . 	173
No , you do not NEED a bread machine . 	You do not need to worry . 	174
Yes , it is possible to publish a paper on model analysis . 	Yes , it is hard to publish in a peer reviewed journal . 	175
You just have to base your answer on what you do know , which is what you want . 	So if that 's what you need , you really do have to be explicit about it . 	176
Yes , you should mention your experience . 	Yes , you should make a résumé . 	177
I think it is great that you had a test conducted . 	I think that 's a great plan . 	178
You do n't have to know . 	Other than that you do n't have a tax issue . 	179
Yes , there is a rule against this . 	There 's no rule against it . 	180
What are your goals ? 	What are you goals ? 	181
I 'm going to go out on a limb here ... 	I 'm going to be very direct here . 	182
If your long stay visa for Switzerland is valid , then you will not need a transit visa . 	You do not need a transit visa , but to enter Zurich you will need a visa . 	183
A few more point to think about : 	A few things to think about : 	184
Now you do n't have to be perfect on every answer . 	You do n't have to know . 	185
I 'm afraid we are out of luck in this one . 	I think this is one of those things where you are just out of luck . 	186
It is more deciding what you should do and what you should get others to do . 	Point is : know what you want and do n't be afraid to ask for it . 	187
It varies by the situation . 	This varies by institution . 	188
I have the same thing . 	I have the same problem . 	189
I have the same thing . 	I have the exact same problem . 	190
You are on the right path . 	You 're right on about the sample definition . 	191
The best thing you can do is to know your stuff . 	The best thing you can do is find something else interesting to do while you wait on hold . 	193
It 's also a matter of taste . 	It 's mostly a matter of taste . 	194
I was in a similar situation . 	Personally when I was in a similar situation I sent the couple a card and a gift . 	195
You can use it , too . 	Yes , you can do it . 	196
You have to decide what you want to get out of this . 	You have to find out what works for you . 	197
It depends on what they are . 	It depends on how it 's used . 	198
I had the same problem as you . 	I have just had the same problem . 	199
Sometime if you really want it you might need to pay an agency to get the place for you . 	You could probably get a tour agency to do it for you but it would cost you . 	200
You do n't need to know everything . 	They just do n't want you to know it . 	201
Also it is useful to keep the consistency in your story . 	It is important to keep the story in the scope of your limit . 	202
I think it 's just a habit . 	I think it 's a bad idea . 	203
It 's not a good idea . 	No , it 's not a good thing . 	204
I 'm thinking it 's a bad idea . 	I think it 's a bad idea . 	205
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it . 	You need to pick how and where you want to place your foot and do it . 	206
You have a problem . 	This is a big problem . 	207
Unfortunately the answer to your question is we simply do not know . 	If the conversation is not about work , you know what the answer is to your own question . 	208
Unfortunately , this question can not be answered in its full generality . 	This can not be answered in general . 	209
I would personally beware of the Motley Fool . 	I would recommend looking at The Motley Fool . 	210
I think there is n't a general answer . 	I do n't think there is a single definition . 	211
It 's not a good idea . 	Not a good idea . 	212
You do n't need any visa . 	You do n't have to worry . 	213
You have to decide what you want to get out of this . 	You 're probably going to have to read various blogs to get all the information you want . 	214
I had the same problem as you . 	I have exactly the same problem . 	215
My answer to your question is `` Probably Not '' . 	The answer to your question is not really . 	216
You should do it . 	You should never do it . 	217
I had the same problem as you . 	I had the same issue . 	218
Hope this is what you are looking for . 	Is this the kind of thing you 're looking for ? 	219
There are two things to consider : 	I think there are two important things to consider : 	220
It 's pretty much up to you . 	It is up to you . 	221
There are a few things you can do : 	There are a few things you need to consider : 	222
The answer to this and all such similar questions is in two stages : 	The answer to both questions is : Yes . 	223
It is impossible to answer this question without a form check . 	This is a part answer to your question 	224
There are a few things you can do : 	There are a few things I think you should do . 	225
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it . 	It depends on what and where you are going to do . 	226
There are a few possible reasons . 	There are a few reasons that paint wrinkles . 	227
There are three options : 	There are only three options : 	228
So think it in this way . 	Think of it this way . 	229
Maybe this could work for you . 	Maybe this can work for you . 	230
It depends on what you want to do next , and where you want to do it . 	They can , but the way to do it depends on what you have available . 	231
Microwave would be your best bet . 	Your best bet is research . 	232
In the US , it will depend on the school . 	This will depend on the university . 	233
It 's not a good idea . 	It 's not just a good idea , it 's an excellent idea . 	234
There are a few things I think you should do . 	There are a few minimally-effective things you can do at the personal level . 	235
I 've had this same problem . 	I had this same situation . 	236
This is not a good idea . 	Not a good idea . 	237
I realized there is already an accepted answer but I figure I would add my 2 cents . 	I know this is an old question but I feel I should add my 2 cents . 	238
Yes , there is a reason to not do what you propose . 	Yes , there is a chemical difference . 	239
Yes , there is at least one to my knowledge . 	To my knowledge , there 's no time requirement . 	240
You do n't have to worry . 	You do n't have to do anything to season it . 	241
There is no test that can tell you if it is sealed or not . 	There is no code telling you that you can not do this . 	242
Yes , you should make a résumé . 	Yes , you should talk to your professor . 	243
You should n't feel any obligation at all . 	You do n't need sauce at all . 	244
I 've had this same problem . 	I had this problem before . 	245
You may have to experiment and find what you like . 	You have to find out what works for you . 	246
My answer to your question is `` Probably Not '' . 	This is a part answer to your question 	247
The key thing to realize here is that it 's not your job to make people do their work . 	It really is n't your problem how they are going to find a qualified person to do the job . 	248
Not a direct answer to the question , but something to consider . 	Not a real answer to your question , but maybe it helps . 	249
There are two possible causes for this : 	There are two options for you - 	250
I agree with the other comments . 	I agree with the previous comments . 	251
The answer to both questions is : Yes . 	If the answer to any of these questions is yes , a PhD may be worthwhile for you . 	252
It rather depends on which country you 're in . 	That depends on which country you are in . 	253
This is a terrible idea . 	This is a bad idea . 	254
