a dog be with a toy . 	a dog have a toy . 	1
Children pet a bunny . 	Children pet a dog . 	2
people cook on the grill . 	pedestrian stare in amazement as two people cook breast on a grill . 	3
the man build a small sand castle 	a girl be build a sand castle . 	4
a man be run behind a sled pull by four dog . 	a man be pull on a dog sled . 	5
a person do abseiling . 	a person be abseil 	6
people be wait for car part . 	people be wait for the car . 	7
the man be excite because this be he first presentation for he new company . 	a man be play a instrument he create for money on the street . 	8
a girl in a pink dress stand headfirst . 	a woman in pink be cover she face with a scarf . 	9
a man be pile group of rock by the sea . 	the band be play inside a small nightclub . 	10
a man wear only a towel be stand outside near the water . 	a man be sit in front of a water fountain 	11
the book you read be Harry Potter 	the man be read a Harry Potter book . 	12
man in scottish costume play bagpipe on a rainy day on the sidewalk . 	two girl sway side by side in a park on a warm day . 	13
cyclist in a forest cover with snow at night 	the skier be near the snowy ground . 	14
a man take a photo of a girl and she be near the water . 	a girl be display herself in front of she friend . 	15
a lady be singing 	a lady singing . 	16
the man be a street artist and have people watch he trick 	a young man surf a big wave while other be quiet in the background . 	17
a captain receive a prize . 	after a great performance , the man receive a standing ovation after receive a prize . 	18
the man be ride a monocycle with a parrot on he shoulder 	a woman be ride she bicycle with a helmet on . 	19
a little boy be hold a wedding ring . 	a little boy in a suit hold the ring for a wedding . 	20
each person show be hold a puppy . 	a person be talk . 	21
the girl be enjoy the day . 	the woman be celebrate New Year . 	22
a young protester hold up a sign against the war . 	a man wave he hand while give a speech . 	23
a couple be sit on the grass with they foot cross , and they be kiss . 	the man and the woman move away from each other . 	24
the water be very hot . 	the water in the pool be very cold . 	25
two guitarist on both side of a stage and a drummer behind a red drum in the center . 	a band place on the stage , with the guitarist and the bass player in front 	26
people be about to buy a painting at a fair . 	a couple of people in a museum look in the gift shop will potentially buy something . 	27
a group of girl wear headscarve pose for a group photo . 	a girl with a red umbrella and face paint stand next to other girl . 	28
a parade in which there be a woman dress in white on stilt . 	there be a girl in a red dress standing on the dock . 	29
a young boy sing to a baseball outside the golf course 	a man and a boy be play in the water . 	30
a woman feeling scare on a horse on a snowy mountain 	a girl sit in the snow 	31
two man in red suit practice martial art . 	two man in martial art uniform training . 	32
people be stand in public . 	people be in public . 	33
a skater in a black hooded sweatshirt run a great rail grind on she skateboard . 	a skater in a white hooded sweatshirt run a great rail grind on she skateboard . 	34
a girl in pink pants play on the floor . 	a boy in blue pants play on the floor 	35
night game in the small league 	soccer player on game day . 	36
a pink woman be hold she daughter . 	a woman be walk with she daughter . 	37
people be watch a rap concert inside the Yankee Stadium 	the crowd go crazy over the band 	38
a man be watch a small television set in the alcove of a red building . 	a child with a green balloon be stand outside a large building . 	39
Father and son wear cowboy outfits be watch a rodeo . 	a little boy and he father be wear blue plaid shirt and watch a rodeo . 	40
a man be hold a advertising sign . 	a man be hold a sign for a restaurant . 	41
the jacket be make of leather 	the jacket be make of leather 	42
three woman be stand together . 	two woman be stand together . 	43
little girl play with she doll 	a mother play peek-a-boo with she baby 	44
a man show some clothes while wear blue shoe . 	a man and a woman be wear hat of different color for they date . 	45
three woman knit stocking 	woman be sew and knit baby blanket . 	46
a child be inside . 	a child be inside . 	47
a woman in a striped shirt climb a mountain . 	a man in a red jacket climb a mountain 	48
a man with a mustache play the saxophone . 	a man with a beard play the guitar . 	49
a child be drive a small race car . 	a child be ride a bicycle . 	50
the man throw a stick . 	the man throw a stick . 	51
the man wear a blue sweater and be barefoot on a court . 	the man be stand in a store wear a blue shirt . 	52
the reflection of the old woman can be see in a puddle . 	a woman be stand in a crowd but no one can see she because she be a ghost . 	53
three man talk seriously at Walmart . 	three woman stay at night . 	54
a amateur be catch a ball in foul 	a man stand parallel in the air , try to kick the soccer ball past the goalkeeper . 	55
there be a ball near the field do where the player run 	the boy be out in a field . 	56
the woman be sell doll that look like barby . 	the cute baby be play with a toy . 	57
a woman be call she friend . 	a man be call he girlfriend . 	58
a art teacher help a student . 	a teacher help a student in the carpentry class . 	59
a man be get ready to run a marathon . 	a man run for a marathon . 	60
a stranger be sleep in a art gallery . 	a woman be inside a art museum . 	61
people have a barbecue 	people be at home have dinner . 	62
a boy be open the box contain he new puppy . 	a man be do a trick on a board . 	63
everyone be run 	he go fast . 	64
a orchestra be tuning for a private rehearsal . 	a small orchestra play for a audience . 	65
a dog play in a field . 	a dog play in a field . 	66
a boy reassure a big dog . 	a child throw something for a white dog to catch . 	67
two man play cricket outside . 	two man play cricket . 	68
a man be operate machinery . 	the man be operate machinery . 	69
the man be walk with he bicycle . 	the man be walk he bike . 	70
3 basketball player be try to win a game 	two team of soccer player do not start a game 	71
two man be have a day off . 	four man be have a conversation . 	72
imagine look at a marathon cyclist on he bike , down a hall of people . 	a man be try to ride four bike at the same time . 	73
summer really be nice . 	a couple be enjoy the good day . 	74
people drop they flag . 	people be near the flag . 	75
a crowd prepare for a event . 	a crowd be wait for a event to begin . 	76
the man buy alone 	the man read only outside 	77
a small dog be wear a ribbon on the street . 	a small dog jump on the street . 	78
entrepreneur be gather to discuss they latest initiative . 	two man be discuss they business meeting . 	79
a group of people talk while they huddle in the street 	group of people gather as in a meeting with food in front of they . 	80
a woman share she umbrella . 	a man and a woman hold hand . 	81
a person be climb a pole to secure the flag as people look . 	a person come down from the mountain . 	82
a man dodge adversary with a basketball while another man watch 	a middle aged man be about to hit a tennis ball with he racket . 	83
a woman harvest she crop in a swampy area . 	a woman use a hoe near she crop on a farm 	84
a sad man put black material on the street . 	a man place black material on the street . 	85
a series of people stand near a statue of a bull . 	a golden statue of a man as people walk in front of a restaurant bar . 	86
a man and he dog on top of a mountain . 	a man on a horse . 	87
a little girl wear a dress at a wedding . 	a woman wear a dress and a man wear a shirt sit next to the art . 	88
a man on a bicycle make a backflip . 	someone be do a backflip on a bicycle . 	89
a man run on a runner 	a man be walk on a runner 	90
he be near a bridge . 	the old man be near the fire . 	91
elderly people help each other 	the man be review he action before make a comment to the other people . 	92
a man be run in a hurry in the street . 	the man be drive a bicycle in the street . 	93
the man be on strike . 	the two man be put out the fire . 	94
two man observe a chemical reaction . 	a group of man be outside with gun . 	95
a crowd be look at a man on stage . 	a man sing alone on stage for a crowd . 	96
a group be act for some child 	a group of child look at a group of adult . 	97
lady in a dark top , miss with impression , red stocking and walk shoe 	Woman walk on the street in high heel , black leggings , black coat and red wallet 	98
a woman be use a fishing net in the river . 	a fish be jump out of the water to catch a fly . 	99
there may be a woman under a image of Jesus . 	there be a person in the picture . 	100
the older lady be wear sunglass to protect she eye from the bright sun . 	this man wear sunglass to keep the sun out of he eye 	101
a woman about to eat fish . 	a woman about to eat trout . 	102
a team of young athlete plan they great victory 	you team be win . 	103
one cable be larger than the other . 	one cable be larger than the other . 	104
a child have a smartphone and nothing else . 	a man can have a smartphone . 	105
people be outdoors on a mountain . 	people be stand around for two atv on a beach . 	106
four woman be in the pool . 	the four woman be in a pool 	107
a girl be try to hide from she parent 	a young girl try to hide from she mom . 	108
two man be in they car in heavy traffic 	the two people be drive truck . 	109
two man located in a control cabin . 	two man from the same military branch be seat on a bus . 	110
the big black dog be behind the small black dog . 	black and white dog be chase a cat . 	111
the dog be drive a car . 	the man be drive a blue car . 	112
this little girl be excite about the wedding 	the little girl be look for something weird . 	113
the man wear a green pole 	the man wear a green polo shirt . 	114
there be no color in the image . 	there be a sign in this image . 	115
a tourist be use binoculars to see the ocean . 	the dog be about to jump into the water . 	116
a young boy with a coat on he head be hold he goat . 	a young boy become a fool wear he coat on he head and hold a goat . 	117
a woman work in a cheese factory . 	a man be in the kitchen cooking bread . 	118
the man and the woman be jogging . 	there be man and woman walk . 	119
a man inside read the newspaper . 	a man read the newspaper outside . 	120
two man gather for lunch to discuss business . 	three man discuss business during lunch . 	121
a young woman look away because she be shy . 	a young boy be about to paint he face . 	122
a group of five runner crouch in front of a large crowd . 	two man in front of a crowd . 	123
the dog be wear a collar . 	the dog be wear a red collar . 	124
a couple be enjoy a connoved sit on a sofa . 	a couple be enjoy a move session on a sofa watch a movie . 	125
four people be jump in the air . 	people be jump in the air . 	126
a animal play with a hoop . 	a african man be not do a trick with a stick . 	127
the man drive 	two man sit near they bike 	128
two firefighter work in the fire truck . 	three worker be leave they building in flame during a fire . 	129
the volleyball match be ongoing between the lady 	woman participate in the final of the tennis competition 	130
a woman with gray hair and a white dress standing in front of a wall . 	a man standing in front of a blue wall with a brown shirt and white pants . 	131
in China , worker in the field do they homework while the sun go down . 	worker in China do homework while the sun go down . 	132
a boy finish he ice cream cone grimace at the camera . 	a woman with glass be read a side of a metal bowl 	133
a crowd be at a event . 	a race be take place in a stadium . 	134
construction worker be use specific floor plan . 	construction worker be use tool to work in the tunnel . 	135
a young girl hold two walk stick be stand on a rock in a creek . 	a man and a woman be climb on a mountain . 	136
people be walk through a station . 	there be people walk on a busy street . 	137
a man be on the stage . 	this man be on stage 	138
the woman be take care of the child . 	a boy be run towards he mother . 	139
there be a person stand next to the building wear a suit . 	a man in a black suit sit on the step of a building . 	140
a man walk in the city . 	a woman walk in the city . 	141
a group of woman in a library with child . 	a group of school child be enjoy story time . 	142
a hockey player throw the disc . 	a hockey player be play with a disc . 	143
couple do a dance . 	young girl perform at a dance recital . 	144
a hiker on a trail look at animal life in a wooded area with a black kangaroo . 	man jogging on a path , through a large forest . 	145
the band play for a group of people . 	the band be perform for a group of people . 	146
a boy be on a school trip in a pumpkin patch . 	a little girl be draw on a table near a baby . 	147
people be in a football game . 	some people be in a football game . 	148
some child be read silently . 	the child be read silently . 	149
a bird fly over the lake . 	a person be walk towards the ocean . 	150
the dog run in the opposite direction . 	the man and the horse be run away from the police . 	151
a man ride he bicycle on the street . 	a man ride he bicycle on the street . 	152
the couple be eat . 	the family be eat out . 	153
the train car be almost empty . 	a car be turn in front of the bus carry passenger . 	154
the dog be take a bath . 	a dog be take a bath . 	155
a woman in a pink shirt be stand behind a table with many salad dressing and paper plate . 	a woman sit by a table cover with dish and saucer . 	156
a person be without a hat and be inside . 	a woman be hold a can . 	157
the child laugh as they glide in the snow . 	the white cat be difficult to see in the snow as it run playfully . 	158
two man fix a bicycle in a garage . 	two man fix a car in a garage . 	159
a horse and a car pass through the water . 	a man be cycling in the water . 	160
the boy be tell the man what to do . 	the lady be not talk to anyone . 	161
a person be sleep at home . 	a person be sleep at home . 	162
the woman be carry a child and pose for a photo . 	a man be take a picture of a couple and they son . 	163
a asian boy and a man be stand outside Starbucks . 	a asian boy and a asian girl be smile in a crowd of people . 	164
a crowd gather for a important speech . 	a hearing be meet for a performance 	165
child spin on a glass rotate wheel 	two cat stand in a puddle , and one have a yellow tennis ball . 	166
a man send a food order 	a businessman be wait to order food . 	167
the band be under the spotlight . 	the band be not in the photo . 	168
the woman and the man be work on a farm . 	a man and a woman be work in a garden . 	169
the man move a table . 	a man keep a table . 	170
a child make a prayer before a light candle . 	a old woman be blow candle on she three-tiered birthday cake . 	171
two cute and well dress asian kid be stand next to a tree . 	two little girl be happy . 	172
a boy and a dog on a pier be watch another dog swim in the distance . 	a big boy and a dog standing on a dock watch another dog swim in the water . 	173
a driver wear blue 	a woman be wear a blue shirt and be ride a bicycle . 	174
the little boy be in the park . 	a child be leave the park . 	175
two child be on the beach . 	two girl be on the beach . 	176
two girl visit New York . 	the two girl who work in the restaurant be new . 	177
two woman sit on a bench eating . 	five woman sit on a bench . 	178
outside a door a couple of people stand 	two people stand outside a door . 	179
three man get something out of a drum . 	two child play on a large swing tire . 	180
a bartender be prepare drink for he customer . 	the waitress be give she customer free drink . 	181
multiple people do a dance synchronize with jump . 	they be at a track event . 	182
student be talk in a gun control debate . 	several people be queue at a counter . 	183
a man with a beard be painting . 	a man with a beard painting . 	184
the man wear a green suit 	the man wear a blue suit . 	185
these people be walk through a field of weed . 	these two child and the dog be run through a grass field . 	186
a boy squat in front of a empty net with a inflatable castle behind he . 	a boy be squat in front of a empty net while other be stand around a inflatable castle behind he . 	187
two woman be smile together . 	there be two woman dancing . 	188
two child be in a sandbox . 	the child be in a sandbox . 	189
a boy be ride skateboard . 	there be a boy ride a skateboard outside . 	190
a old woman be sew a new sweater in she living room . 	a girl be a pinstripe suit be stand in she mother 's kitchen , wish she be home . 	191
all child hang out in the game room 	some people hang out at the bowling alley . 	192
a group of girl be play in a dumpster . 	a group of child be play in the water . 	193
there be two people , one of they a husband and one he wife , leave the store . 	there be two people , a man and a woman , sit on a bus 	194
Groupe Air France prepare a train for a trip 	they take a ride on the hot air balloon over the atlantic 	195
some volunteer help clean up next to a meter . 	the worker volunteer to clean the subway . 	196
a woman milk a cow . 	a woman push a cart . 	197
a little boy be hold hand with someone . 	the little girl be hold hand with someone . 	198
the girl be walk to school in the rain . 	the girl be play outside in the snow . 	199
people hike through a icy and mountainous landscape . 	people be hike on a beach . 	200
tall people sleep 	tall people walk 	201
a woman be sit while talk to a shirtless man she have just meet 	a woman be sit while talk to a shirtless man . 	202
a hockey bout explode . 	a fight in a hockey game explode 	203
there be a black and white dog run on a doormat with a man in a blue shirt look . 	a dog stand next to a man in shorts and a blue and white shirt . 	204
men prepare to take a bath in the ocean . 	a snowy dog up to he belly try to move . 	205
a woman drag a irish lobero 	the soldier be a girl 	206
people be in a boat . 	there be people in a boat . 	207
a little girl be play outside . 	a little girl be play outside . 	208
a little boy remove all he clothes . 	a woman in a tight blue shirt stand as if she be just release something from she hand . 	209
two boy play guitar with a woman singing and play a tambourine standing next to they . 	two boy play guitar with a woman stand next to they . 	210
the snowboarder do a trick . 	the snowboarder do a trick . 	211
a group of people be sit in a bar . 	a group of people be stand in a bar . 	212
a group of several people sit on the floor inside a building 	a group of people be sit on a ledge in front of a building . 	213
a woman blindfold be on she knee . 	tired , the woman rest she head in she backpack while lie down . 	214
a man in a t-shirt play basketball . 	a man be in the sport shirt attend a game . 	215
older gentleman in a green jacket and blue jeans sit at a small table . 	a man wear a blue shirt and blue jeans teach in a wooden school . 	216
a man push rock . 	a woman be push rock lazily . 	217
the boy be wear a blue jacket and a pink t-shirt while play outside . 	a man in a orange shirt and blue jeans be play with a hula hula 	218
a child with a balloon . 	the beagle of a woman have a drink while walk 	219
a young man in a orange shirt play the tuba . 	a man in a shirt play the drum . 	220
a painter be paint a mural next to a house . 	a painter be paint a vivid image of a park on the side of a street 	221
six large white truck be move . 	big orange truck be travel down a four lane street . 	222
the man in yellow pants be raise he arm . 	the man in the yellow shirt have a mop in he hand . 	223
a small child fall to the ground . 	a little girl fall in the snow while another observe . 	224
a talent contestant jump and sing . 	a audience be watch a couple dance . 	225
there be a brown dog jump on the beach . 	a black and brown dog be run on the beach . 	226
a man walk in front of a building 	a man walk in front of a building . 	227
a man be sleep outside . 	a woman be sleep outside . 	228
three people wear modern clothes . 	two people wear work uniform . 	229
there be a man with book . 	there be a man writing . 	230
colorful yellow seat with a sparse crowd line up behind four soccer player try to chase a ball . 	two people with glass be play a game sit on the floor . 	231
a crowd watch a man outside 	a crowd be watch a man 	232
a woman stand next to a microwave . 	a woman on the phone be sit on a chair . 	233
a person in red be jump on a trampoline . 	man be jump on a trampoline . 	234
four child be cry 	three child be cry 	235
a girl be near a child whose face be not show . 	a boy be very close to a girl . 	236
the train be small 	the boat be small . 	237
a man in a swimming pool hold a smile child in a float . 	a man be carry a girl in a swimming pool . 	238
a old beige man standing near a younger man in blue in front of a building . 	a man in a white shirt walk in front of a old building . 	239
two woman be act . 	the two woman be act . 	240
a person in bright shorts try to catch a frisbee 	the woman with the camera be throw a Frisbee for she brown dog to catch . 	241
the blond boy sit next to the guitar and the book . 	the girl be play with Lincoln Logs . 	242
two construction worker stop at the mall for lunch 	construction worker be detain for lunch . 	243
a couple paint on the floor 	a woman paint on the floor 	244
rhythmic gymnast do a routine . 	a girl perform a rhythmic gymnastics routine . 	245
a worker wear a mask and carry a broom , stand guard 	a man in a blue shirt carry a bag over he right shoulder . 	246
two man , dress layer and canvas bag . 	two child in blue jeans and cinnamon shirt be stand out from the tent . 	247
a motocross rider do a cross jump , wear protective gear . 	a woman wear black cycling equipment and a white helmet pedal hard uphill on she bicycle . 	248
a sad man be sit on the step of the door in front of a house . 	a woman be sit on the step of the door in front of a house . 	249
people be walk on a sidewalk of the city . 	people be walk along a sidewalk in the city . 	250
