A dog is with a toy . 	A dog has a toy . 	1
Children pet a bunny . 	Children pet a dog . 	2
People cook on the grill . 	Pedestrians stare in amazement as two people cook breast on a grill . 	3
The man builds a small sand castle 	A girl is building a sand castle . 	4
A man is running behind a sled pulled by four dogs . 	A man being pulled on a dog sled . 	5
A person doing abseiling . 	A person is abseiling 	6
People are waiting for car parts . 	People are waiting for the car . 	7
The man is excited because this is his first presentation for his new company . 	A man is playing an instrument he created for money on the street . 	8
A girl in a pink dress stands headfirst . 	A woman in pink is covering her face with a scarf . 	9
A man is piling groups of rocks by the sea . 	The band is playing inside a small nightclub . 	10
A man wearing only a towel is standing outside near the water . 	A man is sitting in front of a water fountain 	11
The book you read is Harry Potter 	The man is reading a Harry Potter book . 	12
Man in scottish costume playing bagpipes on a rainy day on the sidewalk . 	Two girls swaying side by side in a park on a warm day . 	13
Cyclist in a forest covered with snow at night 	The skier is near the snowy ground . 	14
A man takes a photo of a girl and she is near the water . 	A girl is displaying herself in front of her friend . 	15
A lady is singing 	A lady singing . 	16
The man is a street artist and has people watching his tricks 	A young man surfs a big wave while others are quiet in the background . 	17
A captain receiving a prize . 	After a great performance , the man receives a standing ovation after receiving a prize . 	18
The man is riding a monocycle with a parrot on his shoulder 	A woman is riding her bicycle with a helmet on . 	19
A little boy is holding a wedding ring . 	A little boy in a suit holds the ring for a wedding . 	20
Each person shown is holding a puppy . 	A person is talking . 	21
The girl is enjoying the day . 	The woman is celebrating New Year . 	22
A young protester holds up a sign against the war . 	A man waving his hand while giving a speech . 	23
A couple is sitting on the grass with their feet crossed , and they are kissing . 	The man and the woman move away from each other . 	24
The water is very hot . 	The water in the pool is very cold . 	25
Two guitarists on both sides of a stage and a drummer behind a red drum in the center . 	A band placed on the stage , with the guitarist and the bass player in front 	26
People are about to buy a painting at a fair . 	A couple of people in a museum looking in the gift shop will potentially buy something . 	27
A group of girls wearing headscarves poses for a group photo . 	A girl with a red umbrella and face paint standing next to other girls . 	28
A parade in which there is a woman dressed in white on stilts . 	There is a girl in a red dress standing on the dock . 	29
A young boy sings to a baseball outside the golf course 	A man and a boy are playing in the water . 	30
A woman feeling scared on a horse on a snowy mountain 	A girl sitting in the snow 	31
Two men in red suits practicing martial arts . 	Two men in martial arts uniforms training . 	32
People are standing in public . 	People are in public . 	33
A skater in a black hooded sweatshirt running a great rail grind on her skateboard . 	A skater in a white hooded sweatshirt running a great rail grind on her skateboard . 	34
A girl in pink pants playing on the floor . 	A boy in blue pants plays on the floor 	35
Night game in the small league 	Soccer players on game day . 	36
A pink woman is holding her daughter . 	A woman is walking with her daughter . 	37
People are watching a rap concert inside the Yankee Stadium 	The crowd goes crazy over the band 	38
A man is watching a small television set in the alcove of a red building . 	A child with a green balloon is standing outside a large building . 	39
Father and son wearing cowboy outfits are watching a rodeo . 	A little boy and his father are wearing blue plaid shirts and watching a rodeo . 	40
A man is holding an advertising sign . 	A man is holding a sign for a restaurant . 	41
The jacket is made of leather 	The jacket is made of leather 	42
Three women are standing together . 	Two women are standing together . 	43
Little girl playing with her doll 	A mother plays peek-a-boo with her baby 	44
A man shows some clothes while wearing blue shoes . 	A man and a woman are wearing hats of different colors for their date . 	45
Three women knitting stockings 	Women are sewing and knitting baby blankets . 	46
A child is inside . 	A child is inside . 	47
A woman in a striped shirt climbs a mountain . 	A man in a red jacket climbing a mountain 	48
A man with a mustache plays the saxophone . 	A man with a beard plays the guitar . 	49
A child is driving a small race car . 	A child is riding a bicycle . 	50
The man threw a stick . 	The man throws a stick . 	51
The man wears a blue sweater and is barefoot on a court . 	The man is standing in a store wearing a blue shirt . 	52
The reflection of the old woman can be seen in a puddle . 	A woman is standing in a crowd but no one can see her because she is a ghost . 	53
Three men talking seriously at Walmart . 	Three women staying at night . 	54
An amateur is catching a ball in foul 	A man stands parallel in the air , trying to kick the soccer ball past the goalkeeper . 	55
There is a ball near the field doing where the players run 	The boys are out in a field . 	56
The woman is selling dolls that look like barbies . 	The cute baby is playing with a toy . 	57
A woman is calling her friend . 	A man is calling his girlfriend . 	58
An art teacher helping a student . 	A teacher helps a student in the carpentry class . 	59
A man is getting ready to run a marathon . 	A man running for a marathon . 	60
A stranger is sleeping in an art gallery . 	A woman is inside an art museum . 	61
People having a barbecue 	People are at home having dinner . 	62
A boy is opening the box containing his new puppy . 	A man is doing a trick on a board . 	63
Everyone was running 	He goes fast . 	64
An orchestra is tuning for a private rehearsal . 	A small orchestra playing for an audience . 	65
A dog plays in a field . 	A dog playing in a field . 	66
A boy reassures a big dog . 	A child throws something for a white dog to catch . 	67
Two men play cricket outside . 	Two men play cricket . 	68
A man is operating machinery . 	The man is operating machinery . 	69
The man is walking with his bicycle . 	The man is walking his bike . 	70
3 basketball players are trying to win a game 	Two teams of soccer players do not start a game 	71
Two men are having a day off . 	Four men are having a conversation . 	72
Imagine looking at a marathon cyclist on his bike , down a hall of people . 	A man is trying to ride four bikes at the same time . 	73
Summer really is nice . 	A couple is enjoying the good day . 	74
People drop their flags . 	People are near the flag . 	75
A crowd prepares for an event . 	A crowd is waiting for an event to begin . 	76
The man bought alone 	The man read only outside 	77
A small dog is wearing a ribbon on the street . 	A small dog jumping on the street . 	78
Entrepreneurs are gathered to discuss their latest initiatives . 	Two men are discussing their business meeting . 	79
A group of people talk while they huddle in the street 	Group of people gathered as in a meeting with food in front of them . 	80
A woman shares her umbrella . 	A man and a woman holding hands . 	81
A person is climbing a pole to secure the flag as people look . 	A person coming down from the mountain . 	82
A man dodging adversaries with a basketball while another man watches 	A middle aged man is about to hit a tennis ball with his racket . 	83
A woman harvesting her crops in a swampy area . 	A woman using a hoe near her crops on a farm 	84
A sad man putting black material on the street . 	A man placing black material on the street . 	85
A series of people standing near a statue of a bull . 	A golden statue of a man as people walk in front of a restaurant bar . 	86
A man and his dog on top of a mountain . 	A man on a horse . 	87
A little girl wearing a dress at a wedding . 	A woman wearing a dress and a man wearing a shirt sitting next to the art . 	88
A man on a bicycle makes a backflip . 	Someone is doing a backflip on a bicycle . 	89
A man running on a runner 	A man is walking on a runner 	90
He was near a bridge . 	The old man was near the fire . 	91
Elderly people helping each other 	The man is reviewing his actions before making a comment to the other people . 	92
A man is running in a hurry in the street . 	The man is driving a bicycle in the street . 	93
The men are on strike . 	The two men are putting out the fire . 	94
Two men observe a chemical reaction . 	A group of men are outside with guns . 	95
A crowd is looking at a man on stage . 	A man sings alone on stage for a crowd . 	96
A group is acting for some children 	A group of children look at a group of adults . 	97
Lady in a dark top , missing with impressions , red stockings and walking shoes 	Woman walking on the street in high heels , black leggings , black coat and red wallet 	98
A woman is using a fishing net in the river . 	A fish is jumping out of the water to catch a fly . 	99
There may be a woman under an image of Jesus . 	There is a person in the picture . 	100
The older lady is wearing sunglasses to protect her eyes from the bright sun . 	This man wears sunglasses to keep the sun out of his eyes 	101
A woman about to eat fish . 	A woman about to eat trout . 	102
A team of young athletes plans their great victory 	Your team is winning . 	103
One cable is larger than the other . 	One cable is larger than the other . 	104
A child has a smartphone and nothing else . 	A man can have a smartphone . 	105
People are outdoors on a mountain . 	People are standing around for two ATVs on a beach . 	106
Four women are in the pool . 	The four women are in a pool 	107
A girl is trying to hide from her parents 	A young girl trying to hide from her mom . 	108
Two men are in their cars in heavy traffic 	The two people are driving trucks . 	109
Two men located in a control cabin . 	Two men from the same military branch are seated on a bus . 	110
The big black dog is behind the small black dog . 	Black and white dog is chasing a cat . 	111
The dog is driving a car . 	The man is driving a blue car . 	112
This little girl is excited about the wedding 	The little girl is looking for something weird . 	113
The man wears a green pole 	The man wears a green polo shirt . 	114
There is no color in the image . 	There is a sign in this image . 	115
A tourist is using binoculars to see the ocean . 	The dog is about to jump into the water . 	116
A young boy with a coat on his head is holding his goat . 	A young boy becoming a fool wore his coat on his head and holds a goat . 	117
A woman works in a cheese factory . 	A man is in the kitchen cooking bread . 	118
The man and the women are jogging . 	There are men and women walking . 	119
A man inside reading the newspaper . 	A man reading the newspaper outside . 	120
Two men gather for lunch to discuss business . 	Three men discuss business during lunch . 	121
A young woman looks away because she is shy . 	A young boy is about to paint his face . 	122
A group of five runners crouched in front of a large crowd . 	Two men in front of a crowd . 	123
The dog is wearing a collar . 	The dog is wearing a red collar . 	124
A couple is enjoying a connoved sitting on a sofa . 	A couple is enjoying a moving session on a sofa watching a movie . 	125
Four people are jumping in the air . 	People are jumping in the air . 	126
An animal plays with a hoop . 	An African man is not doing a trick with a stick . 	127
The men drove 	Two men sitting near their bikes 	128
Two firefighters work in the fire truck . 	Three workers are leaving their building in flames during a fire . 	129
The volleyball match is ongoing between the ladies 	Women participating in the finals of the tennis competition 	130
A woman with gray hair and a white dress standing in front of a wall . 	A man standing in front of a blue wall with a brown shirt and white pants . 	131
In China , workers in the field do their homework while the sun goes down . 	Workers in China do homework while the sun goes down . 	132
A boy finishing his ice cream cone grimaces at the camera . 	A woman with glasses is reading a side of a metal bowl 	133
A crowd is at an event . 	A race is taking place in a stadium . 	134
Construction workers are using specific floor plans . 	Construction workers are using tools to work in the tunnel . 	135
A young girl holding two walking sticks is standing on a rock in a creek . 	A man and a woman are climbing on a mountain . 	136
People are walking through a station . 	There are people walking on a busy street . 	137
A man is on the stage . 	This man is on stage 	138
The woman is taking care of the child . 	A boy is running towards his mother . 	139
There is a person standing next to the building wearing a suit . 	A man in a black suit sitting on the steps of a building . 	140
A man walks in the city . 	A woman walks in the city . 	141
A group of women in a library with children . 	A group of school children are enjoying story time . 	142
A hockey player throws the disc . 	A hockey player is playing with a disc . 	143
Couple doing a dance . 	Young girls perform at a dance recital . 	144
A hiker on a trail looking at animal life in a wooded area with a black kangaroo . 	Man jogging on a path , through a large forest . 	145
The band plays for a group of people . 	The band is performing for a group of people . 	146
A boy is on a school trip in a pumpkin patch . 	A little girl is drawing on a table near a baby . 	147
People are in a football game . 	Some people are in a football game . 	148
Some children are reading silently . 	The children are reading silently . 	149
A bird flies over the lake . 	A person is walking towards the ocean . 	150
The dogs ran in the opposite direction . 	The man and the horse are running away from the police . 	151
A man rides his bicycle on the street . 	A man rides his bicycle on the street . 	152
The couple is eating . 	The family is eating out . 	153
The train car is almost empty . 	A car is turning in front of the bus carrying passengers . 	154
The dog is taking a bath . 	A dog is taking a bath . 	155
A woman in a pink shirt is standing behind a table with many salad dressings and paper plates . 	A woman sits by a table covered with dishes and saucers . 	156
A person is without a hat and is inside . 	A woman is holding a can . 	157
The children laugh as they glide in the snow . 	The white cat is difficult to see in the snow as it runs playfully . 	158
Two men fix a bicycle in a garage . 	Two men fix a car in a garage . 	159
A horse and a car pass through the water . 	A man is cycling in the water . 	160
The boy is telling the man what to do . 	The lady is not talking to anyone . 	161
A person is sleeping at home . 	A person is sleeping at home . 	162
The woman is carrying a child and posing for a photo . 	A man is taking a picture of a couple and their son . 	163
An Asian boy and a man are standing outside Starbucks . 	An Asian boy and an Asian girl are smiling in a crowd of people . 	164
A crowd gathers for an important speech . 	A hearing is meeting for a performance 	165
Children spinning on a glass rotating wheel 	Two cats standing in a puddle , and one has a yellow tennis ball . 	166
A man sends a food order 	A businessman is waiting to order food . 	167
The band is under the spotlights . 	The band is not in the photo . 	168
The woman and the man are working on a farm . 	A man and a woman are working in a garden . 	169
The man moves a table . 	A man keeps a table . 	170
A child makes a prayer before a lit candle . 	An old woman is blowing candles on her three-tiered birthday cake . 	171
Two cute and well dressed asian kids are standing next to a tree . 	Two little girls are happy . 	172
A boy and a dog on a pier are watching another dog swim in the distance . 	A big boy and a dog standing on a dock watching another dog swim in the water . 	173
A driver wears blue 	A woman is wearing a blue shirt and is riding a bicycle . 	174
The little boy was in the park . 	A child was leaving the park . 	175
Two children are on the beach . 	Two girls are on the beach . 	176
Two girls visiting New York . 	The two girls who work in the restaurant are new . 	177
Two women sitting on a bench eating . 	Five women sitting on a bench . 	178
Outside a door a couple of people standing 	Two people standing outside a door . 	179
Three men get something out of a drum . 	Two children play on a large swing tire . 	180
A bartender is preparing drinks for his customers . 	The waitress is giving her customers free drinks . 	181
Multiple people do a dance synchronized with jumps . 	They are at a track event . 	182
Students are talking in a gun control debate . 	Several people are queuing at a counter . 	183
A man with a beard is painting . 	A man with a beard painting . 	184
The man wears a green suit 	The man wears a blue suit . 	185
These people are walking through a field of weeds . 	These two children and the dog are running through a grass field . 	186
A boy squats in front of an empty net with an inflatable castle behind him . 	A boy is squatting in front of an empty net while others are standing around an inflatable castle behind him . 	187
Two women are smiling together . 	There are two women dancing . 	188
Two children are in a sandbox . 	The children are in a sandbox . 	189
A boy is riding skateboard . 	There 's a boy riding a skateboard outside . 	190
An old woman is sewing a new sweater in her living room . 	A girl is a pinstripe suit is standing in her mother 's kitchen , wishing she were home . 	191
All children hang out in the games room 	Some people hang out at the bowling alley . 	192
A group of girls are playing in a dumpster . 	A group of children are playing in the water . 	193
There are two people , one of them a husband and one his wife , leaving the store . 	There are two people , a man and a woman , sitting on a bus 	194
Groupe Air France prepares a train for a trip 	They take a ride on the hot air balloon over the atlantic 	195
Some volunteers help clean up next to a meter . 	The workers volunteer to clean the subway . 	196
A woman milking a cow . 	A woman pushes a cart . 	197
A little boy is holding hands with someone . 	The little girl is holding hands with someone . 	198
The girl is walking to school in the rain . 	The girl is playing outside in the snow . 	199
People hiking through an icy and mountainous landscape . 	People are hiking on a beach . 	200
Tall people sleeping 	Tall people walking 	201
A woman is sitting while talking to a shirtless man she has just met 	A woman is sitting while talking to a shirtless man . 	202
A hockey bout explodes . 	A fight in a hockey game explodes 	203
There is a black and white dog running on a doormat with a man in a blue shirt looking . 	A dog stands next to a man in shorts and a blue and white shirt . 	204
Men preparing to take a bath in the ocean . 	A snowy dog up to his belly tries to move . 	205
A woman drags an Irish Lobero 	The soldier is a girl 	206
People are in a boat . 	There are people in a boat . 	207
A little girl is playing outside . 	A little girl is playing outside . 	208
A little boy removes all his clothes . 	A woman in a tight blue shirt stands as if she 's just released something from her hand . 	209
Two boys playing guitar with a woman singing and playing a tambourine standing next to them . 	Two boys playing guitar with a woman standing next to them . 	210
The snowboarder does a trick . 	The snowboarder did a trick . 	211
A group of people is sitting in a bar . 	A group of people is standing in a bar . 	212
A group of several people sitting on the floor inside a building 	A group of people is sitting on a ledge in front of a building . 	213
A woman blindfolded is on her knees . 	Tired , the woman rests her head in her backpack while lying down . 	214
A man in a t-shirt plays basketball . 	A man is in the sports shirt attends a game . 	215
Older gentlemen in a green jacket and blue jeans sitting at a small table . 	A man wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans teaching in a wooden school . 	216
A man pushing rocks . 	A woman is pushing rocks lazily . 	217
The boy is wearing a blue jacket and a pink t-shirt while playing outside . 	A man in an orange shirt and blue jeans is playing with a hula hula 	218
A child with a balloon . 	The beagle of a woman having a drink while walking 	219
A young man in an orange shirt plays the tuba . 	A man in a shirt plays the drums . 	220
A painter is painting a mural next to a house . 	A painter is painting a vivid image of a park on the side of a street 	221
Six large white trucks are moving . 	Big orange trucks are traveling down a four lane street . 	222
The man in yellow pants is raising his arms . 	The man in the yellow shirt has a mop in his hands . 	223
A small child fell to the ground . 	A little girl falling in the snow while another observes . 	224
A talent contestant jumps and sings . 	An audience is watching a couple dance . 	225
There is a brown dog jumping on the beach . 	A black and brown dog is running on the beach . 	226
A man walks in front of a building 	A man walks in front of a building . 	227
A man is sleeping outside . 	A woman is sleeping outside . 	228
Three people wear modern clothes . 	Two people wear work uniforms . 	229
There is a man with books . 	There is a man writing . 	230
Colorful yellow seats with a sparse crowd lined up behind four soccer players trying to chase a ball . 	Two people with glasses are playing a game sitting on the floor . 	231
A crowd watching a man outside 	A crowd is watching a man 	232
A woman standing next to a microwave . 	A woman on the phone is sitting on a chair . 	233
A person in red is jumping on a trampoline . 	Man is jumping on a trampoline . 	234
Four children are crying 	Three children are crying 	235
A girl is near a child whose face is not shown . 	A boy is very close to a girl . 	236
The train is small 	The boat is small . 	237
A man in a swimming pool holds a smiling child in a float . 	A man is carrying a girl in a swimming pool . 	238
An old beige man standing near a younger man in blue in front of a building . 	A man in a white shirt walking in front of an old building . 	239
Two women are acting . 	The two women are acting . 	240
A person in bright shorts tries to catch a frisbee 	The woman with the camera is throwing a Frisbee for her brown dog to catch . 	241
The blond boy sat next to the guitar and the book . 	The girl was playing with Lincoln Logs . 	242
Two construction workers stop at the mall for lunch 	Construction workers are detained for lunch . 	243
A couple paints on the floor 	A woman paints on the floor 	244
Rhythmic gymnast does a routine . 	A girl performs a rhythmic gymnastics routine . 	245
A worker wearing a mask and carrying a broom , standing guard 	A man in a blue shirt carries a bag over his right shoulder . 	246
Two men , dress layers and canvas bags . 	Two children in blue jeans and cinnamon shirts are standing out from the tents . 	247
A motocross rider doing a cross jump , wearing protective gear . 	A woman wearing black cycling equipment and a white helmet pedals hard uphill on her bicycle . 	248
A sad man is sitting on the steps of the door in front of a house . 	A woman is sitting on the steps of the door in front of a house . 	249
People are walking on a sidewalk of the city . 	People are walking along a sidewalk in the city . 	250
