a pair of dog play with a purple ball . 	two dog play with purple football . 	1
a bird land in the water . 	a boat float in the water . 	2
three child stand on or near a fence . 	the three child be stand on and by a fence . 	3
a black dog emerge from the water with a white ball in its mouth . 	a black dog walk out of the water with a white ball in he mouth . 	4
a girl in a purple shirt and pink headband pose 	a young girl wear a hat and blue jeans be on a swing . 	5
a brown dog digging a hole in front of a plant 	a group of people walk on the side of a railroad track . 	6
the brown and white dog swim in a swimming pool . 	a brown and white dog swim in a backyard swim pool . 	7
two gray dog run together over the green grass . 	two grey dog run in green grass . 	8
a boy in a red sled be ride down the hill . 	a multicolour dog in a red collar crouching on the grass . 	9
two dog play in the grass . 	two dog play in the snow . 	10
a black and brown dog run through the wood . 	a dog run through the wood . 	11
the two dog be run on the grass . 	two dog be play in the grass . 	12
two dog be run in a grassy field 	two dog run through a grassy field . 	13
the couple be sit near the water in lawn chair . 	the boy hop from one picnic table to the other in the park . 	14
three people sit at a picnic table outside of a building paint like a union jack . 	three people sit at a outdoor table in front of a building paint like the Union Jack . 	15
a young girl hold up a peace sign . 	a little girl hold onto a pole on a city street . 	16
a man be hang by a line off a cliff above water . 	man sit by himself on a pier with a bottle of water . 	17
a man crouching and hold a camera . 	the crouching man be hold a large camera . 	18
man ride a bicycle down a narrow path . 	a man ride a unicycle down a paved road 	19
a man wear a orange coat speak to another as they walk in the snow . 	a man and woman dressedin old fashion clothing sit outside at a table . 	20
a dog swim through the water . 	a dog wear a cape be run through the snow . 	21
german Shephard jump through black hoop while people watch 	a dog jump through a hoop . 	22
a dog be jump up in the air to catch a toy . 	a black dog jump in the air to catch a toy . 	23
a young laugh girl and a boy be play on a big drum . 	a baby girl and little boy be stand next to a guitar and a drum . 	24
a brown dog lay on a blue cover . 	a person be diving into clear blue water . 	25
the two boy play in the field . 	the two people have they head cover with scarf . 	26
the brown dog run on the snow with a white ball in he mouth . 	four dog play in the snow with the city skyline behind they . 	27
a group of people stand in the street 	a woman address a diverse group of people stand in the street . 	28
a dog run on brown grass . 	a wet dog run through the yellow grass hold a tennis ball . 	29
the two dog be run through the grass . 	three dog run in the snow . 	30
the man and two young boy jump on a trampoline . 	a man and two boy jump on a trampoline . 	31
a man eat a apple , sit in public . 	a man sit in a public place eat a apple . 	32
a boy with a broken arm be rest in a bed . 	a boy with a broken arm be sleep . 	33
boy do trick on a skateboard 	a boy do a trick on a skateboard . 	34
two young girl hug each other in the grass . 	two young girl hold each other on the grassy ground 	35
two white dog be walk through deep white snow . 	two white dog walk through a huge bank of mountain snow . 	36
four girl in swimsuit be play volleyball at the beach . 	four woman in bikini be play volleyball on the beach . 	37
a bird fly across the water . 	a bird fly above the water . 	38
a dog be run through a pond 	a pale dog be run along a dirt path . 	39
three dog play in the snow . 	three dog be play in the water . 	40
a little girl with a ribbon in she hair be pick she nose . 	a little girl in a purple shirt and helmet be ride on a scooter . 	41
a man and a woman watch two dog . 	a man in a maroon bathing suit swing on a rope on a lake . 	42
a man sit by a dock look at the water . 	a man jump off a rock into the water 	43
a young girl go down a tube slide . 	a young girl swing off a tire swing 	44
many people be in the bicycle racing , include one man in a three-wheeled bike . 	a man ride on a three-wheeled wheelchair . 	45
a group of people be wear bunny ear . 	a group of people ride in a race 	46
a dog in a `` superman '' shirt sleep on a blanket . 	a brown dog in a Superman shirt be lay on a blue blanket . 	47
a brown and white dog be run through the snow . 	a brown and white dog be run on the grass . 	48
the white and brown dog run across the grass . 	a brown and white dog run across the grass . 	49
a man and a woman be stand in front of a building 	two girl be sit on a atv on the sand in front of a bridge . 	50
a brown dog be rest its paw on a laptop keyboard . 	a dog sit with its paw on a laptop computer . 	51
a young girl with glass sit and hold two american flag . 	a girl in glass be look over two american flag near a wooded area . 	52
a small white and brown dog be jump over a horizontal pole . 	a brown and white dog jump over a red and yellow pole 	53
two dog be run through a grassy area . 	two dog run through a grassy field . 	54
kid play ball in the park . 	two dog play by the shore . 	55
a man be swing on a rope above the water . 	a man in warm clothes swing on monkey bar at night . 	56
a man in a dress suit be ride a bike down the pave road . 	a man be use a large pole to remove letter from a sign . 	57
two asian man and asian woman sit in black massage chair . 	two asian man and a woman be relax in massage chair . 	58
a black and white dog be run in a grassy garden surround by a white fence . 	a black and white dog be jump over a hurdle . 	59
the group of hiker be rest in front of a mountain . 	several hiker rest with they gear in front of a mountain . 	60
a girl playing be a pile of colorful ball . 	a little girl play in a pit of colorful ball . 	61
a older man be stand outside in front of a truck . 	a woman dress in green be roller skating outside at a event . 	62
smile man with reflective class . 	a gentleman smile and show he reflective sunglass . 	63
five people stand on a sidewalk 	five people on a sidewalk . 	64
two girl in blue and teal dress and large hat be stand next to a large tree trunk . 	a woman , a little boy , and a tiny baby be stand in front of a cow statue . 	65
the white dog run across the snow . 	a white bear walk along snow-covered ground and cast a shadow on the snow . 	66
a young boy in a brown jacket play with snow . 	two dog be play in the snow . 	67
three dolphin be jump out of a pool in front of a crowd of people . 	a man be give a presentation in front of a lot of people . 	68
a man pick up a big rock . 	a woman pick up a large rock . 	69
a white and brown dog be run over grass . 	a brown and white dog be run across the grass . 	70
the dog be run through a field . 	a dog run through a field . 	71
a black and white dog be jump into the water . 	a white dog run across the water . 	72
man be carry a tool box down the sidewalk . 	a woman be ride a blue bicycle in a park . 	73
a man wear a t-shirt that say `` Gigolo '' stand at the counter talk to someone . 	a man wear a shirt that say `` Gigolo '' be stand at a front desk area with he back to the camera . 	74
a tent and a campsite in a sunlit forest . 	a white dog on a beach be carry a stick in its mouth . 	75
two large dog run in some grass . 	two brindle dog run in the grass . 	76
a dog swim with a stick in it be mouth . 	a dog run with a stick in it be mouth . 	77
a woman be sit up asleep with she head rest on she hand . 	a man who be rest he head on he hand . 	78
a young boy jump into a lake . 	the boy be jump into a lake . 	79
a man playing fetch with two brown dog . 	a woman play with a brown dog . 	80
a tan and white dog retrieve a ball on a gravel path . 	a large dog walk along a gravel path in the wood . 	81
a dog be run across the sand with a stick in it be mouth . 	a dog be run through a creek with a stick in its mouth . 	82
a man be stand in water near a waterfall . 	a man wade in the water and watch a water fall . 	83
a black dog be chase two bird on the shore of the ocean . 	a dog be run along the beach beside the ocean . 	84
a man and a woman on a bench . 	a man and woman sit on a park bench . 	85
a tan dog jump up to catch a tennis ball . 	a red dog jump a catches a tennis ball in its mouth . 	86
the man be jump into the water . 	the man be up in the air . 	87
a woman in a black shirt stand in front of banana at a fruit stand . 	a woman wear black stand in front of a pickup truck . 	88
a child be jump into a swimming pool . 	a dog jump into a swimming pool . 	89
a little boy jump from one chair to another . 	a young boy jump from one chair to another in he house 	90
a girl swing she long , wet hair in a lake . 	a person ride a dirt bike . 	91
two dog play by the shore . 	two dog play in the snow . 	92
a little girl walk on a boardwalk with blue dome in the background . 	a man go over a jump on he bike with a river in the background 	93
a brown and white dog be walk up snowy step . 	a black and white dog frolic in the snow . 	94
the brown dog be lay down on a blue sheet . 	a brown dog and two black dog in a overgrown grassy field . 	95
two woman sit on a bench , they face obscure , with one woman carry a inflatable tiger and the other woman in a Disney snow white costume . 	a girl sit on a bench hold a inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit . 	96
a guy and two girl be smile at the camera . 	three dog , one white and two brown , be run together on a field of grass . 	97
a dog swim with a stick in it be mouth . 	dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth . 	98
a black poodle play in the snow . 	a black poodle frolic in the snow . 	99
two girl hold up a scary movie flyer 	two girl hold sack be stand in a field . 	100
three boy be run on the beach play a game . 	two young boy and one young man run on a beach with water behind they . 	101
a girl be wear a purple sash and match skirt . 	a group of girl stand wear jean skirt and superman shirt . 	102
two dog fight in the snow . 	two dog stand in the snow . 	103
the man and two young boy jump on a trampoline . 	a man and two boy be bounce on a trampoline . 	104
a man wear a grey jacket standing on the side of a street . 	a boy wear a blue life jacket be hold onto the side of a green boat . 	105
a brown and black dog be jump to catch a red ball . 	a brown and black dog jump for a red ball . 	106
the tan dog run through the leaf . 	the white dog run through the ocean . 	107
a white and black dog be jump into a pool . 	a woman in a black apron be stand in front of a mirror . 	108
a black and white dog be carry a stick in its mouth . 	the black and white dog have a stick in he paw . 	109
a deer jump a fence . 	a deer jump over a fence . 	110
a little girl hold a wooden stick . 	a little girl swimming in a pool . 	111
a black dog jump through the water . 	a dog walk through the snow . 	112
a group of people in front of a red fire truck . 	a group of people be stand around a red fire truck . 	113
a boy jump into the blue pool water . 	the young boy be jump into the pool on he belly . 	114
a blonde dog be catch a ball in its mouth in the snow . 	a little blonde girl be sit on a green chair . 	115
three child and play and laugh on the floor . 	three child play on the floor . 	116
a man sit with fishing pole near a body of water . 	a man sit on a rock next to a folding deck chair and a fishing pole . 	117
a woman and a dog standing in the grass . 	a man carry a sign while stand in the rain . 	118
a man in a blue shirt be run in a stadium field . 	a man wear a blue hat and shirt be ride a white horse . 	119
a woman in a black and orange jacket throw a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch . 	the man in a blue jacket be stand in a crowd . 	120
a black dog run through water . 	a black dog be run through some water . 	121
child jump on a trampoline . 	a man be sledding on a orange slide . 	122
a large brown dog be crouch in a grassy field . 	a brown dog be run in a field . 	123
a man practice boxing 	a man practice boxing 	124
a dog run through the grass . 	a dog run through the snow . 	125
the girl with the blue bucket splash beneath the pier . 	the girl in the ski jacket be walk near the building . 	126
a skier speed through the snow . 	a brown dog carry a Frisbee run through the snow . 	127
two people be play golf on a golf course . 	two people be on a golf course play golf . 	128
a boy and a girl playing on the beach . 	a dog play in the wave with a ball . 	129
a dog run across the snow with a snowball in it be mouth . 	a tan dog be run through the grass with a yellow toy in its mouth . 	130
the child in the red coat lay in the red mat . 	the toddler be ready to climb the red piece of equipment . 	131
two dog play in the grass . 	two dog be play in the grass . 	132
a group of people stand in the sand look out at the water . 	a group of people be stand on the beach in front of some boat . 	133
a child in a blue and white team uniform chase a soccer ball . 	a young boy in a blue soccer uniform chase a ball . 	134
a softball player swing at a pitch . 	a baseball player hit the ball 	135
a black dog be run after a white dog in the snow . 	black dog chase brown dog through snow 	136
a man be kite surfing away from the camera . 	a man be sky surfing on the water . 	137
a small boy be build with some wooden block . 	a small boy wear a blue shirt stack wooden block . 	138
a black dog be run in the grass . 	a boy run through green grass . 	139
a little boy and a little girl play together outside . 	a young boy and a young girl walk towards each other 	140
two people sit on the end of a dock . 	two people sit on a dock . 	141
two dog in a yard . 	two dog in a stream . 	142
a man chase a dog try to pass the barrier to enter a play area . 	a man follow he black and white dog as it take on a obstacle course . 	143
the large brown and white dog be run through the snow . 	St. Bernard dog run in the snowy field . 	144
a small white dog run across a lawn . 	a small white dog run 	145
the white and brown dog be run quickly through the grass . 	the big white dog be run in the grass . 	146
a bloody man and woman pose for a picture . 	a man in woman dress warmly pose for a picture . 	147
a man and a woman walk with a white dog on a leash . 	a man , woman and dog walk down a paved road . 	148
a yellow dog be play in a grassy area near flower . 	a girl be play on a swing . 	149
a boy play with a noodle by the pool . 	a boy play with a foam noodle toy by a pool . 	150
two big brown dog run through the snow . 	a brown dog run through the grass . 	151
a young boy jump into a pool with outstretched arm . 	a dog jump into a backyard pool . 	152
a girl hold up a yellow balloon animal . 	a child hold a yellow balloon . 	153
two dog share a toy in a field of vegetation . 	two snowboarder be in the air over the snow . 	154
a black dog be run in the grass . 	the black dog be run through the grass . 	155
a blond haired lady in white pose for the camera . 	a black and white dog run with its mouth open . 	156
a dog run through a field chase a ball . 	a child run through the grass . 	157
two girl be sit in front of a statue . 	two blonde girl be sit next to a statue 	158
a young boy wear a red winter coat be eat and hold up a candy bar . 	a young boy wear a red coat eat a chocolate bar . 	159
a girl in orange light a candle . 	a girl in a orange shirt light candle . 	160
a white dog run through a field of yellow flower . 	a dog with a red collar run in a forest in the middle of winter . 	161
a infant sit on a cot reach over to touch the face of a older boy . 	a boy who seem ill be be touch in the face by a toddler . 	162
a dog shake off water . 	a dog shake water off . 	163
Young boy run along the pavement . 	a black dog run along the edge of the ocean . 	164
a young child slide down a orange slide . 	a little boy in denim overalls slide down a orange slide . 	165
a black and white dog run through some red and white pole 	black and white dog in live room standing on hind leg . 	166
three individual be pose on ski behind a `` no skiing '' sign . 	three people on ski be stand behind a no skiing sign . 	167
a man in a white suit walk down the street hold a newspaper . 	a man in a white suit walk outside carry a newspaper . 	168
a black and white dog swimming in clear water . 	a small black and white dog be swim in water . 	169
two race dog run in the mud . 	the man be go into the water . 	170
a young boy jump into a pool that say `` no diving '' . 	a boy jump into a pool while lifeguard watch . 	171
a black dog with a blue collar be run in the snow . 	a black dog wear a blue collar be run through the snow . 	172
black and white dog run through water . 	a black and white dog be run through grass . 	173
a dog be run toward the camera . 	a brown and white dog run on grass . 	174
three dog run in the dirt . 	the yellow dog be run on the dirt road . 	175
a boy swing on a swing . 	the girl be on a swing . 	176
a group of youngster swim in lake water 	many child be play and swim in the water . 	177
a blue and white soccer team play against each other . 	a topless woman with she face paint be cover in mud . 	178
two dog run in the snow 	a dog lay in the snow . 	179
a golden dog be run through the snow . 	a pack of sled dog pull a sled through a town . 	180
a brown dog about to catch a green Frisbee . 	a brown dog wait for the Frisbee to come down before catch it . 	181
a skateboarder on a city street . 	a skateboarder in the air at a big , outdoor ramp . 	182
four child on stool in a diner . 	four child sit on tall bar stool at a yellow and grey bar . 	183
boy and white dog run in grassy field 	a boy and a dog run on grass 	184
a black and white dog be swim in a large green lake . 	a black dog run fast into shallow water . 	185
two large black dog be play in a grassy field . 	two white dog be run together . 	186
two boy play a game of flag football . 	two boy be play flag football . 	187
the brown and black dog sprint across the snow . 	a black dog be run quickly along the ground . 	188
the man in the backpack look to he left . 	a adult male wear a backpack walk and look to the left . 	189
a elderly man in a blue shirt be hold up a piece of canvas art . 	a black man be walk next to a building in a big city . 	190
two skinny young boy play with sand in the water . 	two dog be shake water off . 	191
the black and white dog have its mouth wide open . 	a black and white dog jump in the snow . 	192
a small dog run through a obstacle course . 	a small dog jump over a obstacle . 	193
a girl bounce in a bounce house . 	a girl dance like a man in costume 	194
a brown dog run through the wood . 	a brown dog run through the grass . 	195
a group of people be stand by a window watch something . 	a group of people stand and wait to see something . 	196
a dog be jump over a barrier at a agility competition . 	a dog jump over a obstacle course fence . 	197
three people race on ice skate . 	three ice skater round a corner . 	198
one white boy and one black boy stand with arm around each other . 	two young boy , one white and one black , be stand with they arm around each other . 	199
two woman contestant be walk they dog in a dog show . 	two woman walk there dog at a dog show . 	200
two man on the side of a barge 	a man be lie the grass with long hair and beard . 	201
a brown and white dog be catch a tennis ball while stand on its hind leg . 	the brown and white dog be carry a stick in he mouth . 	202
a brown dog in run on grass . 	a brown dog run through the grass . 	203
a wet black dog with a red collar be in the river 	a black dog with a red collar wade through the water . 	204
a person be ride they bike on a trail next to the wood . 	a small child in a yellow shirt be hold they arm out to the side . 	205
a woman in a black dress smile in front of a silver truck . 	a girl wear a black top be smile with a silver truck in the background . 	206
Girl play in a puddle with she bare foot . 	a child be play with two white and black goose . 	207
two people be walk by the ocean . 	two man in fleece and hat look at the camera . 	208
two little girl in pink be dancing . 	two lady jogging on a path near the waterfront . 	209
two child splash in the water . 	two dolphin jump into the water . 	210
a dog be on the beach near a ball . 	a guy be go up for a lay-up on a basketball court . 	211
a dog bound across the brown grass . 	two dog bind across the grass . 	212
a woman play with two young boy at a park 	a woman and three kid play at a park . 	213
a dog emerge form the water with a stick in its mouth . 	a dog run toward the camera with a stick in its mouth . 	214
three dog play in the snow . 	the boy be play in the sand . 	215
a woman in jeans play a video game in front of a large screen . 	a man and a woman be pose for a photograph in front of a yellow flower-bed . 	216
two people walk along the shore at sunset . 	two people walk along the beach at sunset towarn a group of people . 	217
a man in a suit dance with a young girl in front of a audience . 	a woman dangle from a blue fabric connect to a tree . 	218
three child play on a floor with toy . 	three child sit in floor playing with several toy . 	219
a dog carry a leash in its mouth . 	a fluffy dog carry a black leash in its mouth . 	220
a man in jeans be play with a ball while a woman in jeans stand nearby look away . 	a man be tie a red arm band around another mans arm in the street . 	221
a black dog be run through the snow . 	the black and brown dog be run through the snow . 	222
a woman in a pink bikini be lay on a deck lounge chair that be cover with a pink towel . 	a woman in a white shirt and black skirt on a tennis court . 	223
a skier be fall into the snow . 	a skier be fall face first into the snow . 	224
a dog with a red toy in it be mouth . 	a brown dog be carry a stick in its mouth . 	225
two hockey player fight on the ice . 	two hockey player in a struggle on the ice . 	226
three people stand in a outdoor glass structure . 	a girl stand high on a obstacle course platform . 	227
two terrier play on the wood floor of they home . 	two puppy play with a red chew toy in a field . 	228
a group of people be at a convention wave american flag . 	a crowd of people at a outdoor event 	229
two dog run through a field . 	two dog play in a field . 	230
a man in a gray suit lock up a bicycle 	a man and a woman standing on a city street . 	231
the two dog be play in the yard . 	two dog be play on the grass . 	232
a boy skateboard down the railing of some graffitus stair 	a skateboarder be jump over a obstacle in front of a white house . 	233
a white dog be run through the water at a beach 	a white dog be run through the water onto the shore . 	234
a man in a black leather jacket be sleep in a subway car . 	a man in a black leather jacket fall asleep on public transportation . 	235
a dog leap over a hurdle . 	a dog leap over the hurdle . 	236
two man be set up some electronic equpitment 	two dog be wrestle on the ground in the snow . 	237
a black dog be walk on the grass with a stick in it be mouth . 	a boy hold a net with a snake in it close to the ground . 	238
a man and woman blow bubble . 	a man and a woman in glass blow bubble . 	239
a girl run with dog in a dry field . 	a grey dog and a tan dog play on a grassy field . 	240
two dog play in the snow . 	two black dog in the snow . 	241
a skateboard perform a trick off a quarter pipe . 	a skateboarder attempt to do a trick over a homemade ramp . 	242
a dog leap off a dock and into the water . 	the black dog leap off the dock and into the water . 	243
a group of old man walk down the street 	a couple walk down the street . 	244
three dog stand in snow next to a blue fence . 	three dog play in the shallows next to a rocky shore . 	245
a black and white dog be run through the field . 	a black and white dog be run in the grass . 	246
a boy in black wave he arm while other people be behind he on a field . 	a man in a black shirt be roller blade past a bench in the city . 	247
a elderly woman ride a bicycle along a city street . 	a elderly woman walk uphill cross the street . 	248
a young boy be punch a yellow ball . 	a small dog jump over a yellow beam . 	249
a group of young ballerina be in a dance studio . 	a group of young lady in bikini . 	250
a young boy in a white dress shirt be play on a grassy plain . 	a woman be get she hair do at a salon . 	251
a woman and a man be amuse by headphone . 	a man and a woman rest after exercise . 	252
two girl walk in the ocean . 	two girl walk in the street 	253
the # 2 greyhound dog be run around a track . 	a muzzled greyhound dog be run around a track 	254
a man and a dog be play tug of war . 	a man dance on a colorful wall . 	255
a wet child shiver under a towel at a pool . 	a wet child be shiver in a towel in front of a pool . 	256
a white dog run on a beach . 	the white dog be run along the beach . 	257
six dog run on the sandy beach . 	six dog walk beside the beach . 	258
a man hold on to a handle in the water . 	a man be hold onto handle in the air . 	259
four child be play on a trampoline . 	four kid be jump on a trampoline . 	260
a white dog walk in the snow . 	a black and tan dog walk through the snow . 	261
the white and brown dog run across the grass . 	three dog be run on the grass . 	262
a boy go down a inflatable slide . 	a boy in red slide down a inflatable ride . 	263
two dog play with a ball in a puddle . 	two dog stand in a puddle , and one have a yellow tennis ball . 	264
three dog be play in the water . 	three dog run in the snow . 	265
two dog play in the snow . 	two kid play with a dog . 	266
a girl do a back bend on the beach . 	a girl do a back bend at the beach . 	267
Boat sail in rough water . 	a man be kayake in rough water . 	268
the two dog be play fetch in the snow . 	two dog be play together in the grass . 	269
a black and tan dog standing in a field near tree 	a white dog be stand by a river shake himself dry . 	270
two surfer on ride a small wave . 	two surfer perform trick in the wave . 	271
two people walk on the beach at sunset . 	two people walk along the shore at sunset . 	272
three dog be play in the white snow . 	two dog be play in the grass . 	273
two puppy play around in the grass 	two dog be wrestle in the grass . 	274
a young girl be sit on Santa 's lap . 	a little girl be sit on Santa 's lap 	275
a black and white dog run with its mouth open . 	a black and white dog swim in blue water . 	276
a black dog run into the water . 	a black dog run through water . 	277
a young boy jump in the air at the beach . 	a boy jump in the air on the beach . 	278
five man in tuxedo be walk down step . 	five man in tuxedo walk down a set of step 	279
man in red shorts and white shirt kick a soccer ball . 	a black dog stand in the surf hold a red rubber ball . 	280
a man and dog on a rocky seashore . 	man and dog standing on rock next to water 	281
brown dog splash into the water . 	four dog splash in the water 	282
the smile woman at the beach be bury in seaweed . 	a girl in a cowboy hat with a sheep on a leash . 	283
a dog with big ear be hold a small stick in it be mouth . 	a puppy with big ear chew on a stick . 	284
the large brown dog be jump through the tall grass . 	the girl wear a blue shirt be run through a science center . 	285
two dog fight in the snow . 	two dog play in the snow . 	286
a brown dog be in the middle of a line of dog chase a dirty tennis ball over dirt . 	there be two white dog and one brown dog chase a ball . 	287
a grey hound be active in a grassy field . 	a bunch of bike race on a track . 	288
two people be race a sidecar motorcycle in the mud . 	the dog carry a long stick in its mouth . 	289
a man in red swim trunk play volleyball . 	a man and woman sit on a motorcycle . 	290
a man and woman walk past a record shop 	a man and woman kiss in front of a crowd of people . 	291
the man be sit at the top of a rocky mountain . 	a person stick they head out of a tent at the top of a mountain . 	292
two people in snowsuit lay in the snow make snow angel 	two child lie in the snow make snow angel 	293
a little blonde girl be stand in front of a water fountain . 	a young girl standing in front of a fountain 	294
a man standing on a boat be pull another boat close by with a bamboo stick . 	a man in a black hat standing in front of a brick wall and a sign 	295
a man play he white guitar . 	a man play a white guitar and singing as well 	296
a person be skijor with a dog in the mountain . 	a brown dog be play with a ball in the water . 	297
two shirtless young people play in the water . 	lot of people play in the water at the beach . 	298
close-up of a hummingbird . 	a closeup of a hummingbird fly . 	299
two dog play in the grass . 	two tan dog play in the snow . 	300
Woman in a black dress walk on the street . 	a woman watch a dog jump down the stair . 	301
three child wrestle on a floral carpet . 	three child play on the floor . 	302
a boy in red jump into a sandbox . 	a dog swimming in a pond 	303
a man and a woman look at the camera . 	a man and a woman laughing . 	304
a dog jump into the water . 	a dog be jump into the water . 	305
a brown dog run through the dirty muddy grass 	the large brown dog be run outside in the dirt . 	306
three dog pull a man on a bicycle through the snow . 	the dog be pull a man on a type of bike , through the snow . 	307
a boy ride on a swing . 	a young boy ride in a swing . 	308
a black dog run through the snow . 	a black dog run through the water . 	309
a baby in a red hat sit in a stroller be hold a doll . 	a man in a gray shirt sit in a field of flower . 	310
three child play with hay outdoors , throw some at camera lens . 	three young child play in the hay , throw some at the camera . 	311
a black dog walk beside a pool . 	a black dog be walk along the side of a pool . 	312
a climber be stand on the rock face next to the pink rope . 	the child be run in the snow with fence in the background . 	313
the man be wear a black shirt and hat and smile . 	a man be lift a little girl above he head . 	314
a black dog wear a orange collar be entangled with fishing wire . 	the black dog wear a red collar shake water off . 	315
a wet , blond dog carry a stick on the shore . 	the wet , brown dog have a stick in he mouth and be run in the sand next to the water . 	316
a man and a woman be ride bike on a street . 	a man and woman be ride bicycle across a junction in the city . 	317
a man and a dog on rock on a beach . 	a man and dog on a rocky seashore . 	318
two dog be play around in the dirt . 	a dancer pose for the camera in a red and white dress . 	319
large group of people stand outside of a building . 	a group of people be ice skating in a big city . 	320
a golden dog be run on the grass . 	the large beige dog be run through the grass . 	321
a dog run through the grass . 	a dog run across the grass . 	322
a man in red shorts be walk along rock by a river carry a stick . 	a man be walk on rock with water flow around they . 	323
man rowing a boat . 	a man do a trick on skateboard 	324
three dog run on a racetrack . 	three dog round a bend at a racetrack . 	325
a black and brown dog walk through the snow near a building . 	a older man stand outside a old board up building . 	326
a dog be jump into a swimming pool after a duck . 	a dog jump into a swimming pool . 	327
a dog run through a forest in the winter time 	a dog run through a lot of twig . 	328
the girl be play along with the image on the big screen . 	three girl hold umbrella with they back to the camera . 	329
many people run in a race on a street . 	a puppy run along a street . 	330
two dog in the snow 	two dog play in the grass . 	331
a man in swim trunk be stand against some rock . 	a man in a gray shirt climb a large rock wall . 	332
two white dog walk in the snow . 	a tan dog with a black collar bark in the snow . 	333
a woman wear a pink shirt jump in the air with she arm and leg spread to she side . 	a man wear suspenders and sunglass leap up in the air with he arm and leg spread out to the side . 	334
a dog run through the grass . 	two dog run through the brush . 	335
three dog play in the snow . 	three dog run in the snow . 	336
a dog run across the sand 	a dog run through the water . 	337
the boy in the orange shirt be throw the ball . 	the black and white muzzled dog be leap above the grass . 	338
a woman be attempt to ride a small wave . 	a man and woman sit back to back outside in the sun . 	339
the black and white dog be swim in the river . 	a black man and he dog on the beach . 	340
man standing on top of jagged rock near the ocean . 	a man be stand on top of rock overlook the ocean . 	341
a girl in a black and blue wet suit be surf . 	a woman wear a black and blue striped suit be surf on a wave . 	342
the woman be lead a dog through a obstacle course . 	Woman lead she small dog through a obstacle course . 	343
several people be sit around a fire at night . 	a group of people sit around a blaze fire at night . 	344
two dog be run in the field . 	two dog run in a field . 	345
two people be in bed . 	two boxer be in the ring . 	346
two dog on the beach . 	a dog walk on the beach . 	347
a young boy be stand on a gray tiled area . 	a young boy be practice he karate in a gym . 	348
two dog fight in the snow . 	two dog play in the snow . 	349
a group of people be in the water . 	a group of people ride in a race 	350
the dog be run with food in he mouth . 	the dog be run with a yellow ball in he mouth . 	351
two dog run down a beach . 	two dog run on the beach 	352
a black and white dog swimming in the pool 	a black and white dog run with something in he mouth . 	353
two dog be sniff something in the rock . 	two dog run down a path in the wood . 	354
a dog have it be head inside a red and green gift bag . 	a pet playfully investigate the contents of a gift bag . 	355
a yellow shirted man wear a golden sun mask . 	a man in a yellow shirt wear a gold , sun-shaped mask . 	356
a man be scall a sheer rock face with a rope support . 	a young man be do a ski jump with a purple board . 	357
a child with he hand on he head . 	a little boy stand with he hand on top of he head 	358
a man wear a orange vest be canoe in the blue water . 	a man in a orange jacket raise he hand to the sky in the sand . 	359
a black dog lay in the sand . 	kid play in the water 	360
a light brown dog run down a path happily . 	a pale dog run down a path . 	361
a old man in a black trench coat standing in a marketplace . 	the baby be wear a red shirt and walk in a plaza . 	362
a man dress in black wear a hat and glass in front of a red wall . 	a woman in a white shirt standing in front of a brick wall . 	363
a man help a boy ride a bike . 	the man help the boy ride a bike . 	364
a red haired woman in black be pose for a man while rest on a tree . 	a man in a black shirt be hold a child wear sunglass . 	365
a man climb a cliff face . 	a man climb a sheer cliff face . 	366
the two dog be play fetch in the snow . 	the dog play in the snow . 	367
two girl be in pajama pants and appear to be dancing . 	two girl with baseball cap be eat a snack outside . 	368
a white and brown dog play with a black toy . 	a white and brown dog be play tug-o-war . 	369
two black dog be jump and play with a yellow tennis ball in the snow . 	a brown dog and a black dog play with a yellow soccer ball . 	370
two dog be play on the beach together . 	two black dog be play in a grass . 	371
a boy play baseball . 	a man be play baseball . 	372
a black and white dog be jump over a hurdle . 	a white dog run over a bridge . 	373
a boy wear a red shirt run across the grass with a furry dog . 	a sport fan be wear face paint in the stand . 	374
a black dog retrieve in the snow . 	a skateboarder jump in the street . 	375
a smile man and a baby girl pose for photo . 	a smile man hold a small child wear pink and red . 	376
two tan and white dog and one tan dog race down the beach near the water . 	lady in a pink Tinkerbell jacket stand next to the railing and look out at the water . 	377
a dog jump for a Frisbee in the snow . 	a dog be jump in the snow . 	378
a man be ride a bicycle on a dirt path . 	two dog run along dirt path . 	379
a brown and white dog with a pink collar be bark at a brown dog with a blue collar in the snow . 	the dog with the red collar be bear it be tooth at the dog with the blue collar . 	380
two brown dog run through the water . 	two brown dog run through water . 	381
a seat young woman in a hat be read at a coffee shop . 	a woman enjoy she reading at a coffee shop 	382
a black and white dog be run through the grass . 	the black and white dog be run on the grass . 	383
two brown dog be bite each other . 	two brown dog bite each other on sand . 	384
a skateboarder attempt a trick on the side of a low wall . 	a boy do skateboard trick on a railing . 	385
a young girl do a back flip in the water . 	a young girl wear purple run through water 	386
a snowboarder ride a snowboard down a railing beside a flight of step . 	a boy be grind a skateboard down a concrete wall . 	387
a black dog be jump out of water . 	a black dog be shake off water . 	388
a woman with two man in hat socialize outside . 	a young woman with a knit cap stand against the wall of a domino 's Pizza . 	389
a small boy in a bathrobe be sit in a metal chair . 	a boy in a robe sit in a chair . 	390
a black dog be run through the snow . 	a black pit bull dog be run through the dirt . 	391
a group of teenager be dance on a wooden floor . 	a group of people in dark color clothing be line dancing on a wooden floor . 	392
a woman stand with she arm out at she side while another take a picture . 	a man stand in a crowd hold a white object . 	393
a young boy be ride a bike . 	a young girl lay on a blue inflatable toy 	394
a black dog run in the snow . 	a black dog run on a beach . 	395
three dog in the snow by a fence . 	two dog drink water in a lake . 	396
a girl run along a river bank with two black dog . 	a little boy be pet a tiger that be lay down . 	397
a man climb a rock-face . 	a man be climb a rock wall . 	398
a teenage girl run on a beach shouting , with a older man walk behind she . 	a young child run along the shore at a beach 	399
Woman play tennis and hit the ball . 	a woman be play volley ball . 	400
a young boy with he hair stand up , be slide down a blue slide 	the kid in the orange shirt be slide down a teal slide . 	401
many people be on the beach , near a building with flag fly . 	a busy beach have people scatter on it watch the sky . 	402
a dog standing in the water . 	a girl playing on a parachute . 	403
a brown and white dog be walk next to a man on a skateboard . 	a blond child be lay on a branch of a tree in a green field . 	404
man ride a surfboard on a wave . 	a man in black on a surfboard ride a wave . 	405
a surfer be ride on a break wave . 	a group of surfer catch a wave 	406
the man in the red shirt be climb the side of a mountain . 	a man be climb the side of a mountain . 	407
black and white dog run through water . 	a tan and white dog run through water . 	408
a man ride a motorcycle while wear a black uniform . 	a white motorcycle be be ride around a race track . 	409
three clown in bright , multi-colored costume . 	three woman in brightly color dress . 	410
a black dog swim through a river . 	a black dog digging through the snow . 	411
two beige dog play in the grass . 	two tan dog play in the grass 	412
two dog be run through the grass near a house and tree . 	two dog be run through a green yard 	413
a man and a woman be smile . 	a man and a woman laughing . 	414
a man be stand on top of a rock or mountain watch the sun set . 	a man standing in the mountain watch a sunset . 	415
two little girl be play on a trampoline . 	two little boy be play on a playground . 	416
two girl be jump high in the air . 	two dog nussle one another in the grass near a lake . 	417
the woman hold a black purse be smoke a cigarette . 	a woman with a black bag be smoke a cigarette 	418
a dog be run along the grass . 	a brown dog be run in the grass . 	419
a man with long hair be look through a camera . 	a woman stand against a wall near a video camera . 	420
a dog and a red ball in the air . 	a dog dig a hole in a yard . 	421
a brown and white dog be run across a brown field . 	a person hang from a rocky cliff . 	422
brown dog run on grass . 	the dog be run on grass . 	423
a dog jog through the grass . 	a dog trot through the grass . 	424
two people wear hat sit and look at the camera . 	a man wear a blue shirt make a grouchy face . 	425
a black dog standing in the grass near a volleyball . 	a brown and black down with a blue collar near a soccer ball on a grassy field . 	426
two girl play with people and flower behind they . 	two young girl wear skirt be play in a garden . 	427
a girl in a pink shirt be sprawl she limb out in midair . 	a man dress in a Santa suit be climb up a large concrete building . 	428
a little girl in a red shirt pull a kite . 	a girl in a red shirt take a picture on a phone . 	429
child slide in the snow . 	man sleep on the street . 	430
three dog be play in the water . 	three dog swim in the water . 	431
a white dog run on sand . 	a white dog run on the sand . 	432
a little girl with she hand in the air be sit on a man 's back while he be lay on a blanket . 	a kid run in the opposite direction of other who be play a game . 	433
a red and white race car racing on a dirt racetrack . 	a person be ride a dirt bike in a race on a dirt track . 	434
a black and white dog be run through a cow field . 	a large black and white dog run in the ocean water 	435
a white dog with light brown marking have a stick in he mouth and he paw in the snow . 	a white dog hold a stick in its mouth while it run through snow . 	436
a man in a straw hat shade he phone while other walk on a busy sidewalk . 	a man lie on a street with he headand shoulder under a park car that be jack up . 	437
a man with a messenger bag in front of a gray tile wall . 	man in red jacket standing in front of lighthouse . 	438
a dog swim in the water . 	three dog swim in the water . 	439
group of little girl and a dog standing on the road . 	a group of people white water rafting in a blue raft . 	440
a little white curly haired dog run across the pavement with a stick in its mouth . 	a white curly haired dog run with a stick in it be mouth . 	441
a man in a wet suit be throw a baby wear a wet suit up into the air . 	a man in a white print shirt and a woman in a black dress dancing . 	442
a man in a grey suit kneel in front of a woman in a white dress . 	a woman in red with a beer follow by a man in white . 	443
the blonde woman be wear a black , american flag , tartan cap . 	a red-haired woman be wear a black beret adorn with the american flag . 	444
a person hold a net be stand in the water . 	a black woman and two black child be sit in a thatched tent . 	445
a woman in a red tracksuit squeeze lemon in a press . 	a young woman in a pink hoodie take a picture . 	446
a black and white dog be run through the grass . 	a tan dog be walk through snow . 	447
a man walk two dog on leash down the street 	a man walk two dog in the city . 	448
a brown and white dog with a pink Frisbee in it be mouth be hump over a man 's back . 	a dog with a Frisbee in its mouth , jump over a man . 	449
a dog be run in the snow . 	two dog run in the dirt 	450
a small boy playing in the snow . 	the brown and white dog be play in the snow . 	451
a harnessed dog leap over a log as another dog follow behind . 	a brown and white dog be leap over a log in a field while another dog follow behind it . 	452
a dog and cat lay down together . 	two grey dog be carry a stick in the water . 	453
a woman in a blue shirt and tan shorts sit at a table . 	a smile young woman in a tourquoise shirt and bandanna pose at table outdoors . 	454
a family be play on the beach with they dog . 	a naked little girl be throw into the air . 	455
a white dog run in the snow 	the dog be run in the snow . 	456
a dog run through the long grass . 	a dog lay down in the long green grass . 	457
the black dog be run through the snow . 	a race car driver be drive he car through the mud . 	458
a dog wear a green sweater and a backpack walk on snow . 	a small dog wear a green sweater and a backpack walk through snow . 	459
a group of people sit around a desk . 	a group of girl on a beach . 	460
three dog be run in a field . 	two dog be run in a grassy field 	461
a man and woman with they hand on they chin be stand next to a Christmas tree . 	the man with a white beard and blue cap be stand in the doorway of a workshop . 	462
the black and white dog have a stick in he paw . 	a black dog and a white dog be stand on snow . 	463
a white dog run through the snow 	the black and white dog run through the grass . 	464
a man on ski on a snow-covered hill with mountain in the background 	a dog enjoy a romp in the water with mountain and sand in the background . 	465
a group of people be camp out on some rock . 	a group of people be stand beside a fire truck . 	466
a man on a bike nest to a river . 	a man on a bike do a very high jump . 	467
a dog run on the grass 	two dog be run on the grass . 	468
there be a black dog jump into a swimming pool . 	a black dog be leap into a swimming pool . 	469
a skier go down the snowy hill . 	a brown dog be lay in the snow . 	470
two dog be run on the grass . 	two dog run in the dirt 	471
a man be spray a fluid from a long hose at the beach . 	a guy be sit on he bike with one wheel in the air . 	472
three dog play in the snow while one dog wear a jacket . 	three dog play in the snow , with a city in the background . 	473
many football player sit on the ground . 	a dog roll on the ground . 	474
a group of people in boat race towards the shore . 	a group of people stand together and pose in front of a house . 	475
a little boy and a little girl play together outside . 	a woman wear a white shirt stand on the street . 	476
a person in a red vest be touch the blue ice skate on another person . 	a lady fasten someone 's ice skate in the snow . 	477
a girl bounce upside down on she head on a trampoline . 	a girl be bounce on she head on a trampoline . 	478
the surfer do a flip off of a wave . 	a surfer do a flip on a wave . 	479
a female DJ hold up a Michael Jackson album . 	a girl hold a picture of Michael Jackson smile 	480
a woman standing in front of tree and smile . 	a man be walk by tree in front of the city skyline . 	481
a boy do a back flip into a swimming pool . 	a boy wear red and blue swim trunk jump head first into a swimming pool . 	482
three little boy cover themselves with bubble . 	three child stand by a pool be cover in foam bubble . 	483
the boy be look up at the girl as another girl ignore they . 	the boy be diving into the pool as the couple watch . 	484
two white standard poodle play with a toy in the snow 	two dog fight in the snow . 	485
a crowd of people stand on a rural road , a field behind they , a forest in front . 	a bunch of people stand next to a car with it be trunk open . 	486
boy lie on stomach in grass . 	small boy lie on he stomach on the grass . 	487
a black dog with a blue collar be run in the snow . 	a black dog with a red collar play in the snow . 	488
a japanese swordsman jump into the air . 	a woman be get she dog to jump in the air . 	489
a bird sit in a tree . 	a bird sit in a leafless tree . 	490
a brown dog chew on a orange ball . 	a dog have a orange ball in its mouth . 	491
a white dog run along a rocky shoreline . 	a dog jump over a hurdle . 	492
a brown dog jump into the air to catch a ball . 	three young woman jump into the air to catch a ball . 	493
a child be walk from one picnic table to another . 	the boy hop from one picnic table to the other in the park . 	494
a man wear US flag boxer shorts be stand on a stairway . 	a woman wear a white shirt stand on the street . 	495
a group of seven people be raft in the rapid in a green boat . 	a group of people be stand and sit around on the ground at night . 	496
a dog in the snow . 	two dog in snow . 	497
a man with long hair be look through a camera . 	a man with sunglass look straight ahead . 	498
Dalmation run along the beach . 	a Dalmation run along a beach . 	499
a black and white dog jump in the air to catch a Frisbee 	a black and white dog jump in a yard . 	500
the woman be hold the harness that the brown and white dog be wear . 	a man and woman be look at artwork that be on easel and clip to a fencing wall . 	501
a dog run through snow . 	a dog run in the snow . 	502
four black dog run across the grass . 	a dog run across the grassy field . 	503
a man in red and black be hit a soccer ball with he head . 	a man in a red striped soccer shirt head a ball . 	504
a brown dog be walk on the grass . 	a dog chase another by a tree . 	505
a girl be jump . 	a boy be rock climbing . 	506
a woman place a baby on a skateboard on the beach . 	a woman hold a small baby on a skateboard at the beach 	507
a black dog be bite a light brown dog ear in a playful manner . 	a black dog playfully bit another dog in a living room setting 	508
the beagle be walk on the beach at the waterline . 	a beagle walk along the calm shore . 	509
a young pitcher be throw the baseball . 	a brown dog be walk on the grass beside a fence . 	510
the black and white dog run through the grass . 	a black and white dog be run through grass . 	511
two dog run through the snow , one with a tennis ball . 	the boy be do a stunt , through the air , on he bicycle . 	512
a black dog be walk on the grass with a stick in it be mouth . 	the black dog be run on the grass with a toy in it be mouth . 	513
three child play in snow . 	three child play in hay 	514
a man walk toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street . 	a policeman stand in a crosswalk in a city . 	515
two people ride they bike down a dirt road . 	two people ride they bike on a hill . 	516
the black and brown dog be play in the yard . 	the black and tan dog be chase something he have spot . 	517
a black dog and a white dog play in the street . 	a black dog and a white dog play in the street together . 	518
a large black and white dog be swim in the water . 	a black and white dog with a stick be in muddy water . 	519
a little boy clown with a colander on he head . 	a boy with a metal colander on he head . 	520
a brown dog be run through the field . 	a brown dog with he tongue wag as he run through a field 	521
a boy be jump into the water with a ball in he hand . 	a little boy swimming underwater with a toy in he hand . 	522
a person wear scuba gear be swim underwater water . 	a person be scuba diving in very clear blue water . 	523
this dog be jump through the water . 	two dog run through the water on a beach . 	524
two construction worker sit on a beam take a break . 	the man be put on he shirt near a elevator . 	525
a man and a woman laughing . 	a man and a woman kiss . 	526
a black , brown and white dog run through a field . 	a white and brown dog run in a field . 	527
child be play in a swimming pool while two adult man watch they . 	child play in a pool while adult look on . 	528
a dog be stand in the sand . 	a tan dog be stand in front of some plant . 	529
four girl in swimsuit be play volleyball at the beach . 	four lady in swimsuit play sand volleyball on the beach . 	530
two kid splash in the water . 	two dog play together on the bed . 	531
a blonde haired toddler swing on a tire swing . 	a blonde haired child be swing on a tire swing . 	532
the brown and white dog be walk in shallow water . 	a white and brown dog appear to be walk on the water . 	533
a woman read while on public transportation . 	a man who have fall asleep on public transportation . 	534
a bulldog be run through a grassy park while people stand in the background . 	a dog be run in a large body of water cause it to splash . 	535
a young boy ride a bike on a brick road 	a person do trick on a bike on a ramp surround by tree . 	536
the young man be skateboarding at a skate park . 	a boy in a blue t shirt be airborne on a skateboard in a skate park . 	537
a girl jump rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage . 	a girl jump rope on a sidewalk with a parking garage to the left . 	538
a person be out in the water at the beach while the sun set . 	a person above they surfboard on the water . 	539
a dog jump in midair to catch a Frisbee . 	the brown dog jump for a pink Frisbee . 	540
a child wear blue and white shorts be jump in the surf . 	a girl wear green twist something in she hand . 	541
the dog return the play toy to its master . 	three dog race in the snow together . 	542
two female jump off of swing . 	two girl jump out of swing . 	543
a woman with a young girl pose with bear statue in front of a store . 	a man in a jersey stand in front of a large crowd . 	544
two dog run on the shore . 	a white dog run on the beach . 	545
a shirtless man play football on a lawn . 	a shirtless man catch a football 	546
a girl wear green twist something in she hand . 	a young boy wear only green shorts pose awkwardly with a brick background . 	547
a young girl smile with she head upside down 	a girl pose with she head upside down . 	548
two woman hold checkered flag near a orange car . 	two lady in skimpy clothes pose next to a old fashion car . 	549
a man in a red jacket hold he bike for the picture . 	a woman in a red jacket be video tape a natural landscape . 	550
a boy jump into a not-so-crowded public pool . 	a man jump while on a snowboard . 	551
the clown be strike a pose for the camera . 	a child in orange be on a boogie board in the wave . 	552
four kid hold hand jump into a swimming pool . 	four dog play in the snow . 	553
a yellow car speed along a snowy field . 	a yellow car drive quickly in the snow . 	554
a boy push a wagon with two pumpkin . 	a child squat behind a wagon with two pumpkin in it . 	555
two soccer player battle for the ball during a intense match . 	two little orange and white dog be in the snow . 	556
the black dog be walk through the tall grass . 	the black dog be run through the grass . 	557
two dog play in snow . 	two dog play in grass . 	558
one boy be push another boy on a swing . 	a boy be push another boy on the swing . 	559
a pitcher on a mound throw a baseball . 	a boy in the middle of a pitch at a baseball game . 	560
two black dog play in the snow . 	a black dog dig in the snow . 	561
a dog jump over a chain . 	a dog leap over a chain . 	562
a girl with a black purse sit on a wooden bench . 	a young woman with a black purse sit on a wooden bench . 	563
a black and a yellow dog 	a black dog and a brown-and-white dog play in a field . 	564
three child in a ball pit . 	several child play in a ball pit . 	565
a large white and grey dog run through a yellow tunnel in a obstacle course . 	a white and black dog be run out of a yellow and orange tube . 	566
a swimmer be do the backstroke in the swimming pool . 	a person do the back stroke in a swimming pool 	567
a man stand astride a bike on a rocky trail by a lake . 	a woman be wear a white headband , purple tank top and black glove . 	568
a brown dog be run through green grass . 	a brown dog be run though a river . 	569
a small white dog and large brown dog play on the grass . 	a small light tan dog be run past a large brown dog standing in the grass . 	570
a woman hold a dog while another dog stand nearby in a field . 	a lady hold one dog while another dog be play in the yard . 	571
a little girl be ride a toy tricycle on spring . 	a little girl be play on a toy outdoors . 	572
a black dog walk through water . 	two black dog walk through the snow . 	573
a black dog be run in snow . 	a black dog be swim with a ball in it be mouth . 	574
a woman dress in green be play with she tan dog . 	a tan dog lick a girl hand while lay down . 	575
two homeless man stand outside with a cardboard sign . 	two homeless young man hold a cardboard sign . 	576
a woman be sit in the water . 	the woman be skate in the park . 	577
a brown dog wade in the water . 	a dog splash in the murky water . 	578
a tan girl in a floral bikini be swim in dark blue water . 	a little girl in a flowered bathingsuit run through the sand at the beach 	579
one man in a orange shirt wear a white helmet be ride a bike . 	the man wear a blue helmet be ride a Polaris . 	580
a hockey player look intently downward . 	a hockey player during a game . 	581
a little boy be stand in front of a wedding party laughing . 	a person standing on a stage in front of a seat crowd 	582
two brown dog chase each other in the snow . 	two brown dog be play with each other in the snow . 	583
a person on a snowmobile . 	a person on a snowmobile in mid jump . 	584
child be play on a trampoline in the snow . 	several child and jump on a trampoline in the snow . 	585
the man be stand on the shore hit a ball with a paddle . 	two teenage girl be stand on beside the beach listen to ipod . 	586
this over the top photo show two man take a break . 	a person with swim cap and goggles take a breath . 	587
two brown dog run together on sand 	two brown dog be run on the sand . 	588
a black dog be chase after a red Frisbee . 	a black poodle be run in the snow . 	589
two girl with ponytail ride a amusement park ride . 	a young girl be on a ride at a amusement park . 	590
a dog digging in the sand . 	a brown dog dig in the sand . 	591
a grey dog swim through a river with a stick in he mouth 	dog swimming through water carry stick in its mouth 	592
a woman in a blue bathing suit be jump off a dock into a lake . 	a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans run across a playground 	593
two man sit on the sidewalk in front of store . 	a woman in a bathing suit walk a dog on the beach . 	594
a black and white spotted dog jump over a stream . 	a black and white spotted dog be jump over the small stream of water . 	595
a person on a bmx bike . 	a man on a bike in mid-air 	596
two dog run through tall grass . 	two dog be run through a grassy area . 	597
little white dog wear a leash jump after a red ball . 	a black and white dog return a stick in the snow . 	598
a group of people stand outside of a building . 	a large group of people have form a line outside . 	599
a dog with a stick follow another dog through the water . 	a four wheel drive car be drive through the mud . 	600
a group of four child dance in a backyard . 	a group of child do stretch on color mat . 	601
two black dog be play on the grass . 	two black dog be play in a grassy plain . 	602
a group of teenager be jump in the air on the beach . 	a group of young people jump up in the air while on the beach . 	603
a black and brown dog be chew on a large stick . 	a black and white dog play in the sand . 	604
a boy wave around a sparkler . 	a young boy be twist a sparkler around in the air . 	605
two black dog play in the grass . 	two dog play in the grass . 	606
several people be sit around a fire at night . 	a group of people be stand and sit around on the ground at night . 	607
two boy be jump into a pool . 	two boy be in midair jump into a inground pool . 	608
two different breed of brown and white dog play on the beach . 	two dog play in the sand at the beach . 	609
one man and two woman dress in vampire costume 	a man and two woman dress in costume . 	610
two boy , one wear a hat , in a playground . 	boy in tan hat laugh while sit near playground equipment . 	611
two dog play in snow . 	two dog play in the snow . 	612
a woman hold a baby while a man look at it as another man hold a child watch . 	a woman stand with she arm out in a store while another woman hold a camera . 	613
a white fluffy dog be run in pure white snow . 	a fluffy , white dog run in the snow . 	614
a woman hold a newspaper . 	a man rollerblade on a metal bar . 	615
a group of man play brass instrument . 	a group of guy play instrument outside . 	616
two girl on the shore watch people in a boat fish . 	two male , one in red and one in white play a basketball game . 	617
a snowboarder jump into the air . 	a snowboarder fly through the air . 	618
a white dog with red ear be run in the snow . 	a wet black dog with a red collar be in the river 	619
a little girl and a little boy hold hand on a shiny slide . 	a little girl in a paisley dress run across a sandy playground . 	620
kid play soccer on a field . 	three boy play soccer in a field 	621
a group of man walk and hang onto rope . 	a group of man play a college football game . 	622
a man jump off of one rooftop onto another . 	a young man jump from one balcony to another . 	623
a black person in black and red be sleep on a bench with a open black umbrella . 	a man sit up take a nap on a park bench with a open umbrella protect he from the sun . 	624
one child pull another , sit in a red wagon , along the sand . 	a young boy pull another boy wear a silly hat in a radio flyer wagon . 	625
two puppy play with a plastic bag . 	two dog play in a yard . 	626
a owl have its wing up and widespread during the day . 	the bird have its wing spread as it fly . 	627
a man in a blue cap be sit on a stool under a tree . 	a dog standing on a beach with a ball nearby . 	628
a woman sing into a microphone by a guy play a guitar . 	a woman sing into a microphone with a guitar player in the background . 	629
three sheep graze on the grassy field with a dog walk behind they . 	a small group of goat in the grass with a black and white dog in the backgroud . 	630
a cyclist be make he bike jump between two rock . 	a man jump he bicycle in the air between two rock . 	631
a man with a grey beard ride he bike on the beach of the ocean . 	a spotted dog stand on he hind leg to catch a ball on the beach . 	632
a man in a black suit be surf along a crash wave . 	a surfer wear a black wet suit be ride a a white wave in the ocean . 	633
a young girl with a pink hat on with a yellow building in the background . 	a young girl in a pink dress with something in she hand . 	634
a girl in a pink dress ride she bike along a white picket fence . 	a girl in a red dress ride she bike in front of a white fence . 	635
a brown furry animal stand behind some plant . 	a dog pants while stand in the wood . 	636
a child in a red shirt be use a black wake board to splash over a beach wave . 	a man in a rowboat be rowing across blue water . 	637
the tan and white dog be run in the field . 	the brown and white dog run through the field . 	638
three little girl be sit on the grass . 	two poodle be run through the snow . 	639
a brown dog run towards the camera on a dirt trail with mountain in the background . 	a brown dog run toward the camera down a rocky trail through the brush with mountain in the background . 	640
a Golden Retriever jump off a wood porch . 	a golden retriever be jump off a wooden porch 	641
dog be jump down a ramp . 	a girl be jump in the sand . 	642
the dog play in the park . 	the dog leap over the fence in the park . 	643
two teenage girl , one be smile . 	a little girl on a kid swing . 	644
two bird interact in the grass 	two dog play with each other outdoors . 	645
four dog stand in the snow . 	four dog play in the snow . 	646
Brown and black dog on snow , show tooth and bark at each other . 	a black dog fight with a brown dog in the snow . 	647
two hiker stand at the top of a snowy mountain . 	two mountain climber stand on the top of a mountain look around . 	648
a man run on a track . 	a man run track 	649
two child in a field of red flower . 	two kid be play in a field of red flower . 	650
a young man jump off rock into a lake . 	a young man in red swimming trunk jump off a large rock into the water . 	651
a small black dog be in the grass . 	a black dog be run in the grass . 	652
a lady dress in a kimono be look at the camera . 	two girl dress in black be sit in a room make suggestive pose at the camera . 	653
a group of people be firing up a hot air balloon . 	a large group of people ride brown and white horse . 	654
child play fight with sword . 	a child and parent pet a horse . 	655
a man be wind sailing in the ocean . 	a dog be run through the ocean . 	656
a man be skate down a set of stair . 	the man be ski down a snowy hill . 	657
three dog race on a dirt track 	car race on a dirt track 	658
two people hold hand and walk in a field . 	two man walk past a mural of a car . 	659
a brown dog chase a Frisbee 	a brown dog squate on grass . 	660
a lady with a yellow outfit be in the air above the bed in a yellow room . 	a dog with a red leash still attach chase over the grass toward a tennis ball . 	661
Woman in red overalls stand on the sidewalk . 	a woman in red overalls stand on sidewalk . 	662
a dog be run through a backyard full of leaf . 	three dog run through a field . 	663
two puppy play around in the grass 	two puppy play in the grass 	664
a light-colored dog run through the grass . 	a dog run through the grass . 	665
two black and white dog be play together outside . 	two child and a black dog be play out in the snow . 	666
three dog run through water . 	a black dog run through water . 	667
a woman sit alone against a brick wall 	a woman be walk with a red bag . 	668
a skier be jump in the air over a snowfield near a mountain range . 	a woman be sit near a flower bed overlook a tunnel . 	669
a brown dog carry a stick in its mouth . 	a dog swim with a stick in its mouth . 	670
a young woman lean over she plate at a meal . 	a young woman , topless except for paint or mud . 	671
the dog be play in the snow . 	two dog play on the shore . 	672
a young boy in red swim trunk be jump into a pool . 	a dog be be squirt with a hose as it jump into a paddle pool . 	673
a person climb up a snowy hill while they dog follow . 	a person climb a snowy hill while a black dog follow . 	674
a brown dog sit on the beach . 	a dog run on the beach 	675
Scuba diver submerge in water . 	the scuba diver be underwater . 	676
the man be ride a bike down a dirt hill . 	a trick bicyclist grind down a handrail . 	677
a large gray dog be play in the deep snow . 	four dog play in the snow . 	678
a man ride he bike on the beach by the ocean . 	a man walk he cow down the side of the road . 	679
two dog be run on the grass in front of the tree . 	a brown dog be run on the grass in front of some tree . 	680
a dog in in a car . 	a dog be bite a mop . 	681
child hold a object that be on fire . 	a child in pink hold a object that appear to be on fire . 	682
a dog with floppy ear walk towards the camera in the wood . 	a child in front of he own reflection turn towards the camera and smile . 	683
a brown dog be splash water everywhere by shake the water off of itself . 	a white dog be stand by a river shake himself dry . 	684
a young boy climb on a rock wall 	five greyhound be race on a sand track . 	685
a black and white dog be run on the beach . 	the black and brown dog be run through the snow . 	686
many middle eastern people be sit in the back of a blue truck . 	a group of people be ride in the back of a truck . 	687
person with two ski pole ski down a snowy hill . 	a person skiing down a snowy hill . 	688
a woman be eat fish at a restaurant . 	a woman eat a large fish in a restaurant . 	689
a child and two dog play in the water . 	a child in red and blue floaty look down at the water . 	690
a skateboarder do a trick on a stone wall . 	a skateboarder ride up to a slope . 	691
people be stand on a escalator move up . 	people ride up a escalator . 	692
a lady be run she dog through a agility course . 	trainer run she dog through training course with green pipe 	693
the white and brown dog be shake its ear . 	the brown dog be run across the sand . 	694
a skateboarder jump off the stair . 	a dog jump off the stair . 	695
some child be raise they hand and clap . 	three child be play soccer in the sand . 	696
a man blow a large bubble . 	a man walk a large black horse . 	697
two people sit on a dock near the water . 	two people sit on the end of a dock in the middle of still water . 	698
two dog run together and one have a duck toy in its mouth . 	a black and white dog walk through the grass with a long stick in he mouth . 	699
the black and white dog be run on the grass . 	a black and white dog swim in blue water . 	700
hockey goal-keeper lay on the ice in front of net . 	a hockey player be lay on the ice in front of the goal . 	701
a skier wear blue snow pants be fly through the air near a jump . 	a skier stand on he hand in the snow in front of a movie camera . 	702
the brown dog be run along a grassy pathway . 	a brown dog be run along a grassy stretch divide by string . 	703
the girl be wear a blue striped shirt and rollerblade . 	a man wear a black and white shirt jump on a dog back 	704
a tattooed man in black play a white guitar and singing . 	a woman in a black and white coat and earmuff . 	705
a dog run along the beach . 	boy and girl run along the beach . 	706
a young man and woman sit on a bench outside be kiss . 	the man and woman sit on a bench be kiss . 	707
a brown dog be jump up to catch a green strap in it be mouth . 	a grey dog jump to bite a green leash . 	708
a black dog be run in the grass . 	a black and a brown dog run in the grass . 	709
a woman be sit on a sidewalk with a cell phone at she ear . 	a woman be ride she bicycle . 	710
three dog play in a grassy field . 	some kid play in a field . 	711
a small white dog climb over a log . 	a small dog step onto a log . 	712
a young boy play in a red ball pit . 	a laugh boy lie on a pit of blue ball . 	713
a surfer on a wave . 	a surfer be ride a wave . 	714
the dog play in the snow on hind leg . 	two dog play in the snow . 	715
the skateboarder get to the top of the ramp . 	the skateboarder ride the pipe wall at a skater park . 	716
two man in a run contest . 	dog in a race . 	717
a boy skateboard down the railing of some graffitus stair 	a skateboarder slide down a handrail on he foot . 	718
a black and white dog run through the water . 	black and brown dog run through field . 	719
two kid be walk on a path in the wood . 	two child walk down a path in the wood . 	720
a brown and white dog be run on the grass . 	the tan and black dog be run across the grass . 	721
a woman run on the beach . 	a dog run across the land . 	722
two dog run side-by-side on the grass . 	two dog run on grass . 	723
two dog be pee at a red fire hydrant . 	two dog be urinate on the red fire hydrant . 	724
a rugby player in dark gear be carry a light color rugby ball with arm outstretch . 	a brown dog splash in the water while carry a ball in it be mouth . 	725
a golden color dog jump around in the grass while hold a stick in its mouth . 	a black dog be run through the grass carry something red in its mouth . 	726
two people be walk through some water . 	two girl be walk by a tree in front of a brick building . 	727
a girl be run on a desert path . 	a young girl be talk on a cell phone . 	728
a white dog be play with a ball on the beach . 	a black and white dog be play with a tan dog . 	729
a dog splash in the water . 	a dog splash in the murky water . 	730
a man steer a blue boat past brightly color house . 	a man drive a blue boat pass by some colorful house . 	731
a group of people be walk down the sidewalk of a big city . 	a group of people be ride in the back of a truck . 	732
the dog be in the air above the grass . 	the dog be lay on a bed with a blue sheet . 	733
Woman in black dress with red accessory be walk down the street . 	Woman in a black dress walk on the street . 	734
a black dog be run through some water . 	a man in a football uniform be run with a football during a game . 	735
Girl stand in subway wait on something . 	a girl stand in a dimly light area . 	736
two dog approach each other in the grass . 	two dog face off of each other on the grass . 	737
the man be sit with a little girl in the park . 	the man be play with the shaggy little dog . 	738
a large tan dog be run with a green item in its mouth 	the tan dog be carry a green squeak toy in its mouth . 	739
a group of people in boat race towards the shore . 	a classroom of student watch a presentation . 	740
a person be ride a skateboard in the air above a ramp . 	a biker be ride along a track element located with a wooded area . 	741
a boy skateboard down the metal handrail at night . 	a brown dog run on the sand , hold a stick . 	742
a person be squeeze through a opening in the rock face . 	a medium size brown dog be run through a open white wooded area . 	743
dog run towards camera with a ball in its mouth . 	the black and white dog swim with a brown object in its mouth . 	744
a young girl run on the beach . 	a little girl run at on the shore of a beach . 	745
a baseball player throw the ball . 	the basketball player hold the ball . 	746
a man be swing on a rope over water . 	a man in a maroon bathing suit swing on a rope on a lake . 	747
a woman wear large sunglass hold newspaper in both hand . 	a fat woman wear faint blue top be blow soap bubble . 	748
a deer jump a fence . 	a deer be jump over a fence . 	749
a young girl dress in a Minnie mouse outfit and a older woman walk down the sidewalk . 	a man wear a white suit hold a newspaper walk through the street . 	750
