A pair of dogs playing with a purple ball . 	Two dogs play with purple football . 	1
a bird lands in the water . 	a boat floats in the water . 	2
Three children stand on or near a fence . 	The three children are standing on and by a fence . 	3
A black dog emerges from the water with a white ball in its mouth . 	a black dog walking out of the water with a white ball in his mouth . 	4
A girl in a purple shirt and pink headband posing 	A young girl wearing a hat and blue jeans is on a swing . 	5
A brown dog digging a hole in front of a plant 	A group of people walking on the side of a railroad track . 	6
The brown and white dog swims in a swimming pool . 	A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool . 	7
Two gray dogs run together over the green grass . 	Two grey dogs running in green grass . 	8
A boy in a red sled is riding down the hill . 	A multicolour dog in a red collar crouching on the grass . 	9
Two dogs play in the grass . 	Two dogs playing in the snow . 	10
A black and brown dog runs through the woods . 	A dog running through the woods . 	11
The two dogs are running on the grass . 	Two dogs are playing in the grass . 	12
Two dogs are running in a grassy field 	Two dogs running through a grassy field . 	13
The couple is sitting near the water in lawn chairs . 	The boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park . 	14
Three people sit at a picnic table outside of a building painted like a union jack . 	Three people sit at an outdoor table in front of a building painted like the Union Jack . 	15
A young girl holds up a peace sign . 	A little girl holds onto a pole on a city street . 	16
A man is hanging by a line off a cliff above water . 	Man sitting by himself on a pier with a bottle of water . 	17
A man crouching and holding a camera . 	The crouching man is holding a large camera . 	18
Man riding a bicycle down a narrow path . 	A man riding a unicycle down a paved road 	19
A man wearing an orange coat speaks to another as they walk in the snow . 	A man and woman dressedin old fashion clothing sit outside at a table . 	20
A dog swims through the water . 	A dog wearing a cape is running through the snow . 	21
German Shephard jumping through black hoop while people watch 	A dog jumps through a hoop . 	22
A dog is jumping up in the air to catch a toy . 	A black dog jumps in the air to catch a toy . 	23
A young laughing girl and a boy are playing on a big drum . 	A baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum . 	24
A brown dog laying on a blue cover . 	A person is diving into clear blue water . 	25
The two boys play in the field . 	The two people have their heads covered with scarves . 	26
The brown dog runs on the snow with a white ball in his mouth . 	Four dogs play in the snow with the city skyline behind them . 	27
A group of people standing in the street 	A woman addressing a diverse group of people standing in the street . 	28
A dog runs on brown grass . 	A wet dog runs through the yellow grass holding a tennis ball . 	29
The two dogs are running through the grass . 	Three dogs run in the snow . 	30
The man and two young boys jump on a trampoline . 	A man and two boys jump on a trampoline . 	31
A man eating an apple , sitting in public . 	A man sits in a public place eating an apple . 	32
A boy with a broken arm is resting in a bed . 	A boy with a broken arm is sleeping . 	33
boy doing tricks on a skateboard 	A boy does a trick on a skateboard . 	34
two young girls hug each other in the grass . 	two young girls holding each other on the grassy ground 	35
Two white dogs are walking through deep white snow . 	Two white dogs walk through a huge bank of mountain snow . 	36
Four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach . 	Four women in bikinis are playing volleyball on the beach . 	37
A bird flies across the water . 	A bird flies above the water . 	38
A dog is running through a pond 	A pale dog is running along a dirt path . 	39
Three dogs playing in the snow . 	Three dogs are playing in the water . 	40
A little girl with a ribbon in her hair is picking her nose . 	A little girl in a purple shirt and helmet is riding on a scooter . 	41
A man and a woman watch two dogs . 	A man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake . 	42
A man sits by a dock looking at the water . 	A man jumps off a rock into the water 	43
A young girl going down a tube slide . 	A young girl swinging off a tire swing 	44
Many people are in the bicycle racing , including one man in a three-wheeled bike . 	A man riding on a three-wheeled wheelchair . 	45
A group of people are wearing bunny ears . 	A group of people ride in a race 	46
A dog in a `` superman '' shirt sleeps on a blanket . 	A brown dog in a Superman shirt is laying on a blue blanket . 	47
A brown and white dog is running through the snow . 	a brown and white dog is running on the grass . 	48
The white and brown dog runs across the grass . 	A brown and white dog runs across the grass . 	49
A man and a woman are standing in front of a building 	Two girls are sitting on an ATV on the sand in front of a bridge . 	50
A brown dog is resting its paws on a laptop keyboard . 	A dog sits with its paws on a laptop computer . 	51
A young girl with glasses sits and holds two American flags . 	A girl in glasses is looking over two American flags near a wooded area . 	52
A small white and brown dog is jumping over a horizontal pole . 	a brown and white dog jumping over a red and yellow pole 	53
Two dogs are running through a grassy area . 	Two dogs running through a grassy field . 	54
Kids playing ball in the park . 	Two dogs playing by the shore . 	55
A man is swinging on a rope above the water . 	A man in warm clothes swinging on monkey bars at night . 	56
A man in a dress suit is riding a bike down the paved road . 	A man is using a large pole to remove letters from a sign . 	57
Two Asian men and Asian woman sit in black massage chairs . 	Two Asian men and a woman are relaxing in massage chairs . 	58
A black and white dog is running in a grassy garden surrounded by a white fence . 	A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle . 	59
The group of hikers is resting in front of a mountain . 	Several hikers rest with their gear in front of a mountain . 	60
A girl playing is a pile of colorful balls . 	A little girl plays in a pit of colorful balls . 	61
An older man is standing outside in front of a truck . 	A woman dressed in green is roller skating outside at an event . 	62
Smiling man with reflective classes . 	A gentleman smiling and showing his reflective sunglasses . 	63
five people standing on a sidewalk 	Five people on a sidewalk . 	64
Two girls in blue and teal dresses and large hats are standing next to a large tree trunk . 	A woman , a little boy , and a tiny baby are standing in front of a cow statue . 	65
The white dog runs across the snow . 	A white bear walks along snow-covered ground and casts a shadow on the snow . 	66
A young boy in a brown jacket playing with snow . 	Two dogs are playing in the snow . 	67
Three dolphins are jumping out of a pool in front of a crowd of people . 	A man is giving a presentation in front of a lot of people . 	68
A man picking up a big rock . 	A woman picking up a large rock . 	69
A white and brown dog is running over grass . 	A brown and white dog is running across the grass . 	70
The dog is running through a field . 	A dog runs through a field . 	71
A black and white dog is jumping into the water . 	a white dog runs across the water . 	72
Man is carrying a tool box down the sidewalk . 	A woman is riding a blue bicycle in a park . 	73
A man wearing a t-shirt that says `` Gigolo '' stands at the counter talking to someone . 	A man wearing a shirt that says `` Gigolo '' is standing at a front desk area with his back to the camera . 	74
A tent and a campsite in a sunlit forest . 	A white dog on a beach is carrying a stick in its mouth . 	75
Two large dogs running in some grass . 	Two brindle dogs running in the grass . 	76
A dog swimming with a stick in it 's mouth . 	A dog running with a stick in it 's mouth . 	77
A woman is sitting up asleep with her head resting on her hand . 	A man who is resting his head on his hand . 	78
A young boy jumping into a lake . 	The boy is jumping into a lake . 	79
A man playing fetch with two brown dogs . 	A woman plays with a brown dog . 	80
A tan and white dog retrieving a ball on a gravel path . 	A large dog walks along a gravel path in the woods . 	81
a dog is running across the sand with a stick in it 's mouth . 	A dog is running through a creek with a stick in its mouth . 	82
A man is standing in water near a waterfall . 	A man wades in the water and watches a water fall . 	83
A black dog is chasing two birds on the shore of the ocean . 	A dog is running along the beach beside the ocean . 	84
A man and a woman on a bench . 	A man and woman sit on a park bench . 	85
A tan dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball . 	A red dog jumps an catches a tennis ball in its mouth . 	86
The man is jumping into the water . 	The man is up in the air . 	87
A woman in a black shirt stands in front of bananas at a fruit stand . 	a woman wearing black stands in front of a pickup truck . 	88
A child is jumping into a swimming pool . 	A dog jumping into a swimming pool . 	89
A little boy jumping from one chair to another . 	A young boy jumping from one chair to another in his house 	90
A girl swings her long , wet hair in a lake . 	A person riding a dirt bike . 	91
Two dogs playing by the shore . 	Two dogs playing in the snow . 	92
A little girl walks on a boardwalk with blue domes in the background . 	A man going over a jump on his bike with a river in the background 	93
A brown and white dog is walking up snowy steps . 	A black and white dog frolics in the snow . 	94
The brown dog is laying down on a blue sheet . 	A brown dog and two black dogs in an overgrown grassy field . 	95
Two women sitting on a bench , their faces obscured , with one woman carrying an inflatable tiger and the other woman in a Disney snow white costume . 	A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit . 	96
A guy and two girls are smiling at the camera . 	Three dogs , one white and two brown , are running together on a field of grass . 	97
A dog swimming with a stick in it 's mouth . 	Dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth . 	98
A black poodle plays in the snow . 	A black poodle frolics in the snow . 	99
two girls holding up a scary movie flyer 	Two girls holding sacks are standing in a field . 	100
Three boys are running on the beach playing a game . 	Two young boys and one young man run on a beach with water behind them . 	101
A girl is wearing a purple sash and matching skirt . 	A group of girls stands wearing jean skirts and superman shirts . 	102
Two dogs fighting in the snow . 	Two dogs standing in the snow . 	103
The man and two young boys jump on a trampoline . 	A man and two boys are bouncing on a trampoline . 	104
a man wearing a grey jacket standing on the side of a street . 	A boy wearing a blue life jacket is holding onto the side of a green boat . 	105
A brown and black dog is jumping to catch a red ball . 	A brown and black dog jumps for a red ball . 	106
The tan dog runs through the leaves . 	The white dog runs through the ocean . 	107
A white and black dog is jumping into a pool . 	A woman in a black apron is standing in front of a mirror . 	108
A black and white dog is carrying a stick in its mouth . 	The black and white dog has a stick in his paws . 	109
A deer jumps a fence . 	A deer jumping over a fence . 	110
A little girl holds a wooden stick . 	A little girl swimming in a pool . 	111
A black dog jumps through the water . 	A dog walks through the snow . 	112
A group of people in front of a red fire truck . 	A group of people are standing around a red fire truck . 	113
a boy jumps into the blue pool water . 	The young boy is jumping into the pool on his belly . 	114
A blonde dog is catching a ball in its mouth in the snow . 	A little blonde girl is sitting on a green chair . 	115
Three children and playing and laughing on the floor . 	Three children playing on the floor . 	116
A man sits with fishing poles near a body of water . 	A man sits on a rock next to a folding deck chair and a fishing pole . 	117
A woman and a dog standing in the grass . 	A man carries a sign while standing in the rain . 	118
A man in a blue shirt is running in a stadium field . 	A man wearing a blue hat and shirt is riding a white horse . 	119
A woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch . 	The man in a blue jacket is standing in a crowd . 	120
A black dog running through water . 	A black dog is running through some water . 	121
Children jumping on a trampoline . 	A man is sledding on an orange slide . 	122
A large brown dog is crouching in a grassy field . 	A brown dog is running in a field . 	123
A man practicing boxing 	A man practices boxing 	124
A dog runs through the grass . 	A dog runs through the snow . 	125
The girl with the blue bucket splashes beneath the pier . 	The girl in the ski jacket is walking near the buildings . 	126
A skier speeds through the snow . 	A brown dog carrying a Frisbee runs through the snow . 	127
Two people are playing golf on a golf course . 	Two people are on a golf course playing golf . 	128
A boy and a girl playing on the beach . 	A dog playing in the waves with a ball . 	129
A dog running across the snow with a snowball in it 's mouth . 	A tan dog is running through the grass with a yellow toy in its mouth . 	130
The child in the red coat laid in the red mat . 	The toddler is ready to climb the red piece of equipment . 	131
Two dogs play in the grass . 	Two dogs are playing in the grass . 	132
A group of people stand in the sand looking out at the water . 	A group of people are standing on the beach in front of some boats . 	133
A child in a blue and white team uniform chasing a soccer ball . 	A young boy in a blue soccer uniform chasing a ball . 	134
A softball player swinging at a pitch . 	A baseball player hitting the ball 	135
A black dog is running after a white dog in the snow . 	Black dog chasing brown dog through snow 	136
A man is kite surfing away from the camera . 	A man is sky surfing on the water . 	137
A small boy is building with some wooden blocks . 	A small boy wearing a blue shirt stacks wooden blocks . 	138
A black dog is running in the grass . 	A boy running through green grass . 	139
A little boy and a little girl playing together outside . 	A young boy and a young girl walking towards each other 	140
Two people sit on the end of a dock . 	Two people sitting on a dock . 	141
Two dogs in a yard . 	Two dogs in a stream . 	142
A man chases a dog trying to pass the barrier to enter a play area . 	A man follows his black and white dog as it takes on an obstacle course . 	143
The large brown and white dog is running through the snow . 	St. Bernard dog running in the snowy field . 	144
A small white dog running across a lawn . 	A small white dog running 	145
The white and brown dog is running quickly through the grass . 	The big white dog is running in the grass . 	146
A bloody man and woman pose for a picture . 	A man in woman dressed warmly pose for a picture . 	147
A man and a woman walk with a white dog on a leash . 	A man , woman and dog walk down a paved road . 	148
A yellow dog is playing in a grassy area near flowers . 	A girl is playing on a swing . 	149
a boy plays with a noodle by the pool . 	A boy plays with a foam noodle toy by a pool . 	150
two big brown dogs running through the snow . 	A brown dog running through the grass . 	151
A young boy jumps into a pool with outstretched arms . 	A dog jumps into a backyard pool . 	152
A girl holds up a yellow balloon animal . 	A child holds a yellow balloon . 	153
Two dogs share a toy in a field of vegetation . 	Two snowboarders are in the air over the snow . 	154
A black dog is running in the grass . 	The black dog is running through the grass . 	155
A blond haired lady in white poses for the camera . 	A black and white dog runs with its mouth open . 	156
A dog runs through a field chasing a ball . 	A child runs through the grass . 	157
Two girls are sitting in front of a statue . 	Two blonde girls are sitting next to a statue 	158
A young boy wearing a red winter coat is eating and holding up a candy bar . 	A young boy wearing a red coat eats a chocolate bar . 	159
A girl in orange lights a candle . 	A girl in an orange shirt lights candles . 	160
A white dog runs through a field of yellow flowers . 	A dog with a red collar runs in a forest in the middle of winter . 	161
An infant sitting on a cot reaching over to touch the face of an older boy . 	A boy who seems ill is being touched in the face by a toddler . 	162
A dog shaking off water . 	A dog shaking water off . 	163
Young boys running along the pavement . 	A black dog running along the edge of the ocean . 	164
A young child slides down an orange slide . 	A little boy in denim overalls slides down an orange slide . 	165
a black and white dog running through some red and white poles 	Black and white dog in living room standing on hind legs . 	166
Three individuals are posing on skis behind a `` no skiing '' sign . 	Three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign . 	167
A man in a white suit walks down the street holding a newspaper . 	A man in a white suit walks outside carrying a newspaper . 	168
A black and white dog swimming in clear water . 	A small black and white dog is swimming in water . 	169
Two racing dogs run in the mud . 	The man is going into the water . 	170
A young boy jumping into a pool that says `` no diving '' . 	A boy jumps into a pool while lifeguards watch . 	171
A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow . 	A black dog wearing a blue collar is running through the snow . 	172
Black and white dog running through water . 	A black and white dog is running through grass . 	173
A dog is running toward the camera . 	A brown and white dog running on grass . 	174
Three dogs running in the dirt . 	The yellow dog is running on the dirt road . 	175
a boy swinging on a swing . 	The girl is on a swing . 	176
A group of youngsters swim in lake water 	Many children are playing and swimming in the water . 	177
A blue and white soccer team playing against each other . 	A topless woman with her face painted is covered in mud . 	178
two dogs running in the snow 	A dog laying in the snow . 	179
A golden dog is running through the snow . 	A pack of sled dogs pulling a sled through a town . 	180
A brown dog about to catch a green Frisbee . 	A brown dog waits for the Frisbee to come down before catching it . 	181
A skateboarder on a city street . 	A skateboarder in the air at a big , outdoor ramp . 	182
Four children on stools in a diner . 	Four children sit on tall bar stools at a yellow and grey bar . 	183
Boy and white dog running in grassy field 	A boy and a dog running on grass 	184
A black and white dog is swimming in a large green lake . 	A black dog runs fast into shallow water . 	185
Two large black dogs are playing in a grassy field . 	Two white dogs are running together . 	186
Two boys playing a game of flag football . 	Two boys are playing flag football . 	187
The brown and black dog sprints across the snow . 	A black dog is running quickly along the ground . 	188
The man in the backpack looks to his left . 	An adult male wearing a backpack walks and looks to the left . 	189
An elderly man in a blue shirt is holding up a piece of canvas art . 	A black man is walking next to a building in a big city . 	190
Two skinny young boys playing with sand in the water . 	Two dogs are shaking water off . 	191
The black and white dog has its mouth wide open . 	A black and white dog jumps in the snow . 	192
A small dog runs through an obstacle course . 	A small dog jumping over an obstacle . 	193
A girl bounces in a bounce house . 	A girl dances like a man in costume 	194
A brown dog running through the woods . 	A brown dog runs through the grass . 	195
A group of people are standing by a window watching something . 	A group of people stand and wait to see something . 	196
A dog is jumping over a barrier at a agility competition . 	A dog jumping over an obstacle course fence . 	197
Three people racing on ice skates . 	Three ice skaters round a corner . 	198
One white boy and one black boy stand with arms around each other . 	Two young boys , one white and one black , are standing with their arms around each other . 	199
Two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show . 	Two women walk there dogs at a dog show . 	200
Two men on the side of a barge 	A man is lying the grass with long hair and beard . 	201
A brown and white dog is catching a tennis ball while standing on its hind legs . 	the brown and white dog is carrying a stick in his mouth . 	202
A brown dog in running on grass . 	A brown dog runs through the grass . 	203
a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river 	A black dog with a red collar wading through the water . 	204
A person is riding their bike on a trail next to the woods . 	A small child in a yellow shirt is holding their arms out to the sides . 	205
A woman in a black dress smiles in front of a silver truck . 	A girl wearing a black top is smiling with a silver truck in the background . 	206
Girl playing in a puddle with her bare feet . 	A child is playing with two white and black geese . 	207
Two people are walking by the ocean . 	Two men in fleeces and hats looking at the camera . 	208
Two little girls in pink are dancing . 	Two ladies jogging on a path near the waterfront . 	209
Two children splashing in the water . 	Two dolphins jumping into the water . 	210
A dog is on the beach near a ball . 	A guy is going up for a lay-up on a basketball court . 	211
A dog bounds across the brown grass . 	Two dogs bound across the grass . 	212
a woman playing with two young boys at a park 	A woman and three kids play at a park . 	213
A dog emerges form the water with a stick in its mouth . 	A dog runs toward the camera with a stick in its mouth . 	214
Three dogs playing in the snow . 	The boy is playing in the sand . 	215
A woman in jeans plays a video game in front of a large screen . 	A man and a woman are posing for a photograph in front of a yellow flower-bed . 	216
Two people walking along the shore at sunset . 	Two people walking along the beach at sunset towarn a group of people . 	217
A man in a suit dances with a young girl in front of an audience . 	A women dangles from a blue fabric connected to a tree . 	218
Three children playing on a floor with toys . 	Three children sitting in floor playing with several toys . 	219
A dog carries a leash in its mouth . 	A fluffy dog carries a black leash in its mouth . 	220
A man in jeans is playing with a ball while a woman in jeans stands nearby looking away . 	A man is tying a red arm band around another mans arm in the street . 	221
A black dog is running through the snow . 	The black and brown dog is running through the snow . 	222
A woman in a pink bikini is laying on a deck lounge chair that is covered with a pink towel . 	A woman in a white shirt and black skirt on a tennis court . 	223
A skier is falling into the snow . 	A skier is falling face first into the snow . 	224
A dog with a red toy in it 's mouth . 	A brown dog is carrying a stick in its mouth . 	225
Two hockey players fighting on the ice . 	Two hockey players in a struggle on the ice . 	226
Three people stand in an outdoor glass structure . 	A girl stands high on an obstacle course platform . 	227
Two terriers play on the wood floor of their home . 	Two puppies play with a red chew toy in a field . 	228
A group of people are at a convention waving American flags . 	A crowd of people at an outdoor event 	229
Two dogs running through a field . 	Two dogs play in a field . 	230
A man in a gray suit locking up a bicycle 	A man and a woman standing on a city street . 	231
The two dogs are playing in the yard . 	Two dogs are playing on the grass . 	232
A boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs 	A skateboarder is jumping over an obstacle in front of a white house . 	233
A white dog is running through the water at a beach 	A white dog is running through the water onto the shore . 	234
A man in a black leather jacket is sleeping in a subway car . 	A man in a black leather jacket falls asleep on public transportation . 	235
A dog leaping over a hurdle . 	A dog leaps over the hurdle . 	236
Two men are setting up some electronic equpitment 	Two dogs are wrestling on the ground in the snow . 	237
A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it 's mouth . 	A boy holds a net with a snake in it close to the ground . 	238
A man and woman blow bubbles . 	A man and a woman in glasses blow bubbles . 	239
A girl runs with dogs in a dry field . 	A grey dog and a tan dog playing on a grassy field . 	240
Two dogs playing in the snow . 	Two black dogs in the snow . 	241
a skateboard performs a trick off a quarter pipe . 	A skateboarder attempts to do a trick over a homemade ramp . 	242
A dog leaps off a dock and into the water . 	The black dog leaps off the dock and into the water . 	243
a group of old men walking down the street 	A couple walking down the street . 	244
Three dogs standing in snow next to a blue fence . 	Three dogs play in the shallows next to a rocky shore . 	245
A black and white dog is running through the field . 	A black and white dog is running in the grass . 	246
A boy in black waves his arms while other people are behind him on a field . 	a man in a black shirt is roller blading past a bench in the city . 	247
An elderly woman rides a bicycle along a city street . 	An elderly woman walking uphill crossing the street . 	248
A young boy is punching a yellow ball . 	A small dog jumps over a yellow beam . 	249
A group of young ballerinas are in a dance studio . 	A group of young ladies in bikinis . 	250
A young boy in a white dress shirt is playing on a grassy plain . 	A woman is getting her hair done at a salon . 	251
A woman and a man are amused by headphones . 	A man and a woman resting after exercise . 	252
Two girls walking in the ocean . 	two girls walking in the street 	253
The # 2 greyhound dog is running around a track . 	a muzzled greyhound dog is running around a track 	254
A man and a dog are playing tug of war . 	A man dances on a colorful wall . 	255
A wet child shivers under a towel at a pool . 	A wet child is shivering in a towel in front of a pool . 	256
A white dog runs on a beach . 	The white dog is running along the beach . 	257
Six dogs running on the sandy beach . 	Six dogs walking beside the beach . 	258
A man holds on to a handle in the water . 	A man is holding onto handles in the air . 	259
four children are playing on a trampoline . 	Four kids are jumping on a trampoline . 	260
A white dog walking in the snow . 	A black and tan dog walking through the snow . 	261
The white and brown dog runs across the grass . 	Three dogs are running on the grass . 	262
A boy goes down an inflatable slide . 	A boy in red slides down an inflatable ride . 	263
Two dogs playing with a ball in a puddle . 	Two dogs stand in a puddle , and one has a yellow tennis ball . 	264
Three dogs are playing in the water . 	Three dogs run in the snow . 	265
Two dogs playing in the snow . 	Two kids playing with a dog . 	266
A girl does a back bend on the beach . 	A girl doing a back bend at the beach . 	267
Boat sails in rough water . 	A man is kayaking in rough waters . 	268
The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow . 	Two dogs are playing together in the grass . 	269
A black and tan dog standing in a field near trees 	A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry . 	270
Two surfers on riding a small wave . 	Two surfers perform tricks in the waves . 	271
Two people walking on the beach at sunset . 	Two people walking along the shore at sunset . 	272
Three dogs are playing in the white snow . 	Two dogs are playing in the grass . 	273
two puppies playing around in the grass 	Two dogs are wrestling in the grass . 	274
A young girl is sitting on Santa 's lap . 	A little girl is sitting on Santa 's lap 	275
A black and white dog runs with its mouth open . 	A black and white dog swims in blue water . 	276
A black dog running into the water . 	A black dog running through water . 	277
A young boy jumping in the air at the beach . 	A boy jumping in the air on the beach . 	278
Five men in tuxedos are walking down steps . 	Five men in tuxedos walk down a set of steps 	279
Man in red shorts and white shirt kicking a soccer ball . 	A black dog stands in the surf holding a red rubber ball . 	280
A man and dog on a rocky seashore . 	Man and dog standing on rocks next to water 	281
Brown dog splashing into the water . 	Four dogs splashing in the water 	282
The smiling woman at the beach is buried in seaweed . 	A girl in a cowboy hat with a sheep on a leash . 	283
A dog with big ears is holding a small stick in it 's mouth . 	A puppy with big ears chewing on a stick . 	284
The large brown dog is jumping through the tall grass . 	The girl wearing a blue shirt is running through a science center . 	285
Two dogs fighting in the snow . 	Two dogs playing in the snow . 	286
A brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over dirt . 	There are two white dogs and one brown dog chasing a ball . 	287
A grey hound is active in a grassy field . 	A bunch of bikes racing on a track . 	288
Two people are racing a sidecar motorcycle in the mud . 	The dog carrying a long stick in its mouth . 	289
A man in red swim trunks playing volleyball . 	A man and woman sitting on a motorcycle . 	290
a man and woman walking past a record shop 	A man and woman kissing in front of a crowd of people . 	291
The man is sitting at the top of a rocky mountain . 	A person sticks their head out of a tent at the top of a mountain . 	292
Two people in snowsuits laying in the snow making snow angels 	Two children lying in the snow making snow angels 	293
A little blonde girl is standing in front of a water fountain . 	A young girl standing in front of a fountain 	294
A man standing on a boat is pulling another boat close by with a bamboo stick . 	a man in a black hat standing in front of a brick wall and a sign 	295
a man plays his white guitar . 	a man playing a white guitar and singing as well 	296
A person is skijoring with a dog in the mountains . 	A brown dog is playing with a ball in the water . 	297
Two shirtless young people playing in the water . 	Lots of people play in the water at the beach . 	298
Close-up of a hummingbird . 	A closeup of a hummingbird flying . 	299
Two dogs play in the grass . 	Two tan dogs play in the snow . 	300
Woman in a black dress walking on the street . 	A woman watches a dog jump down the stairs . 	301
Three children wrestle on a floral carpet . 	Three children playing on the floor . 	302
A boy in red jumping into a sandbox . 	A dog swimming in a pond 	303
A man and a woman looking at the camera . 	A man and a woman laughing . 	304
a dog jumps into the water . 	A dog is jumping into the water . 	305
a brown dog running through the dirty muddy grass 	The large brown dog is running outside in the dirt . 	306
Three dogs pulling a man on a bicycle through the snow . 	The dogs are pulling a man on a type of bike , through the snow . 	307
A boy riding on a swing . 	A young boy riding in a swing . 	308
A black dog running through the snow . 	A black dog runs through the water . 	309
A baby in a red hat sitting in a stroller is holding a doll . 	A man in a gray shirt sitting in a field of flowers . 	310
Three children playing with hay outdoors , throwing some at camera lens . 	Three young children play in the hay , throwing some at the camera . 	311
A black dog walking beside a pool . 	A black dog is walking along the side of a pool . 	312
A climber is standing on the rock face next to the pink rope . 	The children are running in the snow with fences in the background . 	313
The man is wearing a black shirt and hat and smiling . 	A man is lifting a little girl above his head . 	314
A black dog wearing an orange collar is entangled with fishing wire . 	The black dog wearing a red collar shakes water off . 	315
A wet , blond dog carries a stick on the shore . 	The wet , brown dog has a stick in his mouth and is running in the sand next to the water . 	316
A man and a woman are riding bikes on a street . 	A man and woman are riding bicycles across a junction in the city . 	317
A man and a dog on rocks on a beach . 	A man and dog on a rocky seashore . 	318
Two dogs are playing around in the dirt . 	A dancer posing for the camera in a red and white dress . 	319
Large group of people standing outside of a building . 	A group of people are ice skating in a big city . 	320
A golden dog is running on the grass . 	The large beige dog is running through the grass . 	321
A dog runs through the grass . 	a dog runs across the grass . 	322
a man in red shorts is walking along rocks by a river carrying a stick . 	A man is walking on rocks with water flowing around them . 	323
Man rowing a boat . 	a man doing a trick on skateboard 	324
Three dogs running on a racetrack . 	Three dogs round a bend at a racetrack . 	325
A black and brown dog walks through the snow near a building . 	An older man stands outside a old boarded up building . 	326
A dog is jumping into a swimming pool after a duck . 	A dog jumping into a swimming pool . 	327
A dog running through a forest in the winter time 	A dog running through a lot of twigs . 	328
The girl is playing along with the images on the big screen . 	Three girls holding umbrellas with their backs to the camera . 	329
Many people run in a race on a street . 	A puppy running along a street . 	330
Two dogs in the snow 	Two dogs play in the grass . 	331
A man in swimming trunks is standing against some rocks . 	A man in a gray shirt climbs a large rock wall . 	332
Two white dogs walking in the snow . 	A tan dog with a black collar barking in the snow . 	333
A woman wearing a pink shirt jumps in the air with her arms and legs spread to her sides . 	A man wearing suspenders and sunglasses leaps up in the air with his arms and legs spread out to the side . 	334
A dog runs through the grass . 	Two dogs run through the brush . 	335
Three dogs playing in the snow . 	Three dogs run in the snow . 	336
A dog running across the sand 	A dog running through the water . 	337
The boy in the orange shirt is throwing the ball . 	The black and white muzzled dog is leaping above the grass . 	338
A woman is attempting to ride a small wave . 	A man and woman sitting back to back outside in the sun . 	339
The black and white dog is swimming in the river . 	A black man and his dog on the beach . 	340
Man standing on top of jagged rocks near the ocean . 	A man is standing on top of rocks overlooking the ocean . 	341
A girl in a black and blue wet suit is surfing . 	A woman wearing a black and blue striped suit is surfing on a wave . 	342
The woman is leading a dog through an obstacle course . 	Woman leading her small dog through an obstacle course . 	343
Several people are sitting around a fire at night . 	A group of people sit around a blazing fire at night . 	344
Two dogs are running in the field . 	Two dogs running in a field . 	345
Two people are in bed . 	Two boxers are in the ring . 	346
Two dogs on the beach . 	A dog walks on the beach . 	347
A young boy is standing on a gray tiled area . 	A young boy is practicing his karate in a gym . 	348
Two dogs fighting in the snow . 	Two dogs play in the snow . 	349
A group of people are in the water . 	A group of people ride in a race 	350
The dog is running with food in his mouth . 	The dog is running with a yellow ball in his mouth . 	351
Two dogs running down a beach . 	two dogs running on the beach 	352
A black and white dog swimming in the pool 	A black and white dog running with something in his mouth . 	353
Two dogs are sniffing something in the rocks . 	Two dogs running down a path in the woods . 	354
A dog has it 's head inside a red and green gift bag . 	A pet playfully investigates the contents of a gift bag . 	355
A yellow shirted man wearing a golden sun mask . 	A man in a yellow shirt wears a gold , sun-shaped mask . 	356
A man is scalling a sheer rock face with a rope support . 	A young man is doing a ski jump with a purple board . 	357
A child with his hands on his head . 	A little boy stands with his hands on top of his head 	358
A man wearing a orange vest is canoeing in the blue water . 	A man in an orange jacket raising his hands to the sky in the sand . 	359
A black dog lays in the sand . 	Kids play in the water 	360
A light brown dog runs down a path happily . 	A pale dog runs down a path . 	361
An old man in a black trench coat standing in a marketplace . 	The baby is wearing a red shirt and walking in a plaza . 	362
A man dressed in black wearing a hat and glasses in front of a red wall . 	A woman in a white shirt standing in front of a brick wall . 	363
A man helps a boy ride a bike . 	The man helps the boy ride a bike . 	364
A red haired women in black is posing for a man while resting on a tree . 	A man in a black shirt is holding a child wearing sunglasses . 	365
A man climbing a cliff face . 	A man climbs a sheer cliff face . 	366
The two dogs are playing fetch in the snow . 	The dogs play in the snow . 	367
Two girls are in pajama pants and appear to be dancing . 	Two girls with baseball caps are eating a snack outside . 	368
A white and brown dog playing with a black toy . 	A white and brown dog is playing tug-o-war . 	369
Two black dogs are jumping and playing with a yellow tennis ball in the snow . 	A brown dog and a black dog playing with a yellow soccer ball . 	370
Two dogs are playing on the beach together . 	Two black dogs are playing in a grass . 	371
A boy plays baseball . 	A man is playing baseball . 	372
A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle . 	A white dog running over a bridge . 	373
A boy wearing a red shirt runs across the grass with a furry dog . 	A sports fan is wearing face paint in the stands . 	374
A black dog retrieves in the snow . 	A skateboarder jumping in the street . 	375
A smiling man and a baby girl posing for photo . 	A smiling man holds a small child wearing pink and red . 	376
Two tan and white dogs and one tan dog racing down the beach near the water . 	Lady in a pink Tinkerbell jacket stands next to the railing and looks out at the water . 	377
A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow . 	A dog is jumping in the snow . 	378
A man is riding a bicycle on a dirt path . 	Two dogs running along dirt path . 	379
A brown and white dog with a pink collar is barking at a brown dog with a blue collar in the snow . 	The dog with the red collar is bearing it 's teeth at the dog with the blue collar . 	380
Two brown dogs runs through the water . 	Two brown dogs running through water . 	381
A seated young woman in a hat is reading at a coffee shop . 	a woman enjoying her reading at a coffee shop 	382
A black and white dog is running through the grass . 	The black and white dog is running on the grass . 	383
Two brown dogs are biting each other . 	Two brown dogs biting each other on sand . 	384
A skateboarder attempts a trick on the side of a low wall . 	A boy does skateboard tricks on a railing . 	385
A young girl doing a back flip in the water . 	a young girl wearing purple running through water 	386
A snowboarder rides a snowboard down a railing beside a flight of steps . 	A boy is grinding a skateboard down a concrete wall . 	387
A black dog is jumping out of water . 	A black dog is shaking off water . 	388
A woman with two men in hats socializing outside . 	A young woman with a knit cap stands against the wall of a Domino 's Pizza . 	389
A small boy in a bathrobe is sitting in a metal chair . 	A boy in a robe sits in a chair . 	390
A black dog is running through the snow . 	A black pit bull dog is running through the dirt . 	391
a group of teenagers are dancing on a wooden floor . 	A group of people in dark colored clothing are line dancing on a wooden floor . 	392
A woman stands with her arms out at her sides while another takes a picture . 	A man stands in a crowd holding a white object . 	393
A young boy is riding a bike . 	A young girl laying on a blue inflatable toy 	394
A black dog running in the snow . 	A black dog running on a beach . 	395
Three dogs in the snow by a fence . 	Two dogs drink water in a lake . 	396
A girl runs along a river bank with two black dogs . 	A little boy is petting a tiger that is laying down . 	397
A man climbing a rock-face . 	A man is climbing a rock wall . 	398
A teenage girl running on a beach shouting , with an older man walking behind her . 	a young child running along the shore at a beach 	399
Woman playing tennis and hitting the ball . 	A woman is playing volley ball . 	400
A young boy with his hair standing up , is sliding down a blue slide 	The kid in the orange shirt is sliding down a teal slide . 	401
Many people are on the beach , near a building with flags flying . 	A busy beach has people scattered on it watching the sky . 	402
A dog standing in the water . 	A girl playing on a parachute . 	403
A brown and white dog is walking next to a man on a skateboard . 	A blond child is laying on a branch of a tree in a green field . 	404
Man riding a surfboard on a wave . 	A man in black on a surfboard riding a wave . 	405
A surfer is riding on a breaking wave . 	a group of surfers catching a wave 	406
The man in the red shirt is climbing the side of a mountain . 	A man is climbing the side of a mountain . 	407
Black and white dog running through water . 	A tan and white dog runs through water . 	408
A man riding a motorcycle while wearing a black uniform . 	A white motorcycle is being ridden around a race track . 	409
Three clowns in bright , multi-colored costumes . 	Three women in brightly colored dresses . 	410
a black dog swimming through a river . 	a black dog digging through the snow . 	411
Two beige dogs play in the grass . 	two tan dogs play in the grass 	412
Two dogs are running through the grass near a house and trees . 	Two dogs are running through a green yard 	413
A man and a woman are smiling . 	A man and a woman laughing . 	414
A man is standing on top of a rock or mountain watching the sun set . 	A man standing in the mountains watching a sunset . 	415
Two little girls are playing on a trampoline . 	Two little boys are playing on a playground . 	416
Two girls are jumping high in the air . 	Two dogs nussle one another in the grass near a lake . 	417
The woman holding a black purse is smoking a cigarette . 	A woman with a black bag is smoking a cigarette 	418
A dog is running along the grass . 	A brown dog is running in the grass . 	419
A man with long hair is looking through a camera . 	A woman stands against a wall near a video camera . 	420
A dog and a red ball in the air . 	A dog digs a hole in a yard . 	421
A brown and white dog is running across a brown field . 	A person hanging from a rocky cliff . 	422
Brown dog running on grass . 	The dog is running on grass . 	423
A dog jogs through the grass . 	a dog trots through the grass . 	424
Two people wearing hats sit and look at the camera . 	A man wearing a blue shirt makes a grouchy face . 	425
A black dog standing in the grass near a volleyball . 	A brown and black down with a blue collar near a soccer ball on a grassy field . 	426
Two girls playing with people and flowers behind them . 	Two young girls wearing skirts are playing in a garden . 	427
A girl in a pink shirt is sprawling her limbs out in midair . 	A man dressed in a Santa suit is climbing up a large concrete building . 	428
A little girl in a red shirt pulls a kite . 	A girl in a red shirt takes a picture on a phone . 	429
Child sliding in the snow . 	Man sleeping on the street . 	430
Three dogs are playing in the water . 	Three dogs swim in the water . 	431
A white dog running on sand . 	A white dog runs on the sand . 	432
A little girl with her hands in the air is sitting on a man 's back while he is laying on a blanket . 	A kid runs in the opposite direction of others who were playing a game . 	433
a red and white race car racing on a dirt racetrack . 	A person is riding a dirt bike in a race on a dirt track . 	434
A black and white dog is running through a cow field . 	A large black and white dog runs in the ocean water 	435
A white dog with light brown markings has a stick in his mouth and his paws in the snow . 	A white dog holds a stick in its mouth while it runs through snow . 	436
A man in a straw hat shades his phone while others walk on a busy sidewalk . 	A man lies on a street with his headand shoulders under a parked car that is jacked up . 	437
A man with a messenger bag in front of a gray tile wall . 	Man in red jacket standing in front of lighthouse . 	438
A dog swims in the water . 	Three dogs swim in the water . 	439
Group of little girls and a dog standing on the road . 	a group of people white water rafting in a blue raft . 	440
A little white curly haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth . 	A white curly haired dog runs with a stick in it 's mouth . 	441
A man in a wet suit is throwing a baby wearing a wet suit up into the air . 	A man in a white print shirt and a woman in a black dress dancing . 	442
A man in a grey suit kneels in front of a woman in a white dress . 	A woman in red with a beer followed by a man in white . 	443
The blonde woman is wearing a black , american flag , tartan cap . 	A red-haired woman is wearing a black beret adorned with the American flag . 	444
A person holding a net is standing in the water . 	A black woman and two black children are sitting in a thatched tent . 	445
A woman in an red tracksuit squeezing lemons in a press . 	A young woman in a pink hoodie takes a picture . 	446
A black and white dog is running through the grass . 	A tan dog is walking through snow . 	447
a man walks two dogs on leashes down the street 	A man walks two dogs in the city . 	448
A brown and white dog with a pink Frisbee in it 's mouth is humping over a man 's back . 	a dog with a Frisbee in its mouth , jumps over a man . 	449
A dog is running in the snow . 	Two dogs running in the dirt 	450
A small boy playing in the snow . 	The brown and white dog is playing in the snow . 	451
A harnessed dog leaps over a log as another dog follows behind . 	A brown and white dog is leaping over a log in a field while another dog follows behind it . 	452
A dog and cat laying down together . 	Two grey dogs are carrying a stick in the water . 	453
A woman in a blue shirt and tan shorts sits at a table . 	A smiling young woman in a tourquoise shirt and bandanna poses at table outdoors . 	454
A family is playing on the beach with their dog . 	A naked little girl being thrown into the air . 	455
a white dog running in the snow 	The dogs are running in the snow . 	456
a dog runs through the long grass . 	A dog lays down in the long green grass . 	457
The black dog is running through the snow . 	A race car driver is driving his car through the mud . 	458
A dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walking on snow . 	A small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow . 	459
A group of people sitting around a desk . 	A group of girls on a beach . 	460
Three dogs are running in a field . 	Two dogs are running in a grassy field 	461
A man and woman with their hands on their chins are standing next to a Christmas tree . 	The man with a white beard and blue cap is standing in the doorway of a workshop . 	462
The black and white dog has a stick in his paws . 	A black dog and a white dog are standing on snow . 	463
A white dog running through the snow 	The black and white dog runs through the grass . 	464
A man on skis on a snow-covered hill with mountains in the background 	A dog enjoys a romp in the water with mountains and sand in the background . 	465
A group of people are camping out on some rocks . 	A group of people are standing beside a fire truck . 	466
A man on a bike nest to a river . 	A man on a bike does a very high jump . 	467
A dog running on the grass 	Two dogs are running on the grass . 	468
There is a black dog jumping into a swimming pool . 	A black dog is leaping into a swimming pool . 	469
A skier going down the snowy hill . 	A brown dog is laying in the snow . 	470
Two dogs are running on the grass . 	Two dogs running in the dirt 	471
A man is spraying a fluid from a long hose at the beach . 	A guy is sitting on his bike with one wheel in the air . 	472
Three dogs playing in the snow while one dog wears a jacket . 	Three dogs playing in the snow , with a city in the background . 	473
Many football players sitting on the ground . 	A dog rolls on the ground . 	474
A group of people in boats racing towards the shore . 	A group of people stand together and pose in front of a house . 	475
A little boy and a little girl playing together outside . 	A woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street . 	476
A person in a red vest is touching the blue ice skates on another person . 	A lady fastens someone 's ice skates in the snow . 	477
A girl bounces upside down on her head on a trampoline . 	A girl is bouncing on her head on a trampoline . 	478
The surfer does a flip off of a wave . 	A surfer does a flip on a wave . 	479
A female DJ holds up a Michael Jackson album . 	a girl holding a picture of Michael Jackson smiling 	480
A woman standing in front of trees and smiling . 	A man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline . 	481
A boy doing a back flip into a swimming pool . 	A boy wearing red and blue swim trunks jumping head first into a swimming pool . 	482
three little boys cover themselves with bubbles . 	Three children standing by a pool are covered in foam bubbles . 	483
The boy is looking up at the girl as another girl ignores them . 	the boy is diving into the pool as the couple watch . 	484
two white standard poodles play with a toy in the snow 	Two dogs fighting in the snow . 	485
A crowd of people stand on a rural road , a field behind them , a forest in front . 	A bunch of people standing next to a car with it 's trunk open . 	486
Boy lies on stomach in grass . 	Small boy lying on his stomach on the grass . 	487
A black dog with a blue collar is running in the snow . 	A black dog with a red collar plays in the snow . 	488
A Japanese swordsman jumps into the air . 	A woman is getting her dog to jump in the air . 	489
A bird sits in a tree . 	A bird sits in a leafless tree . 	490
A brown dog chews on an orange ball . 	A dog has an orange ball in its mouth . 	491
A white dog runs along a rocky shoreline . 	A dog jumps over a hurdle . 	492
A brown dog jumping into the air to catch a ball . 	three young woman jumping into the air to catch a ball . 	493
A child is walking from one picnic table to another . 	The boy hops from one picnic table to the other in the park . 	494
A man wearing US flag boxer shorts is standing on a stairway . 	A woman wearing a white shirt stands on the street . 	495
A group of seven people are rafting in the rapids in a green boat . 	A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night . 	496
A dog in the snow . 	Two dogs in snow . 	497
A man with long hair is looking through a camera . 	A man with sunglasses looking straight ahead . 	498
Dalmation running along the beach . 	A Dalmation runs along a beach . 	499
a black and white dog jumping in the air to catch a Frisbee 	A black and white dog jumping in a yard . 	500
The woman is holding the harness that the brown and white dog is wearing . 	A man and woman are looking at artwork that is on easels and clipped to a fencing wall . 	501
A dog running through snow . 	A dog runs in the snow . 	502
Four black dogs run across the grass . 	A dog runs across the grassy field . 	503
A man in red and black is hitting a soccer ball with his head . 	A man in a red striped soccer shirt heads a ball . 	504
A brown dog is walking on the grass . 	A dog chases another by a tree . 	505
A girl is jumping . 	A boy is rock climbing . 	506
A woman placing a baby on a skateboard on the beach . 	a woman holds a small baby on a skateboard at the beach 	507
A black dog is biting a light brown dogs ear in a playful manner . 	A black dog playfully bits another dog in a living room setting 	508
The beagle is walking on the beach at the waterline . 	A beagle walks along the calm shore . 	509
A young pitcher is throwing the baseball . 	A brown dog is walking on the grass beside a fence . 	510
The black and white dog runs through the grass . 	A black and white dog is running through grass . 	511
Two dogs run through the snow , one with a tennis ball . 	The boy is doing a stunt , through the air , on his bicycle . 	512
A black dog is walking on the grass with a stick in it 's mouth . 	The black dog is running on the grass with a toy in it 's mouth . 	513
Three children playing in snow . 	Three children playing in hay 	514
A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street . 	A policeman stands in a crosswalk in a city . 	515
Two people ride their bikes down a dirt road . 	Two people riding their bikes on a hill . 	516
The black and brown dog is playing in the yard . 	The black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted . 	517
A black dog and a white dog playing in the street . 	A black dog and a white dog play in the street together . 	518
A large black and white dog is swimming in the water . 	A black and white dog with a stick is in muddy water . 	519
A little boy clowns with a colander on his head . 	A boy with a metal colander on his head . 	520
A brown dog is running through the field . 	a brown dog with his tongue wagging as he runs through a field 	521
A boy is jumping into the water with a ball in his hand . 	A little boy swimming underwater with a toy in his hand . 	522
A person wearing scuba gear is swimming underwater water . 	A person is scuba diving in very clear blue water . 	523
This dog is jumping through the water . 	Two dogs running through the water on a beach . 	524
Two constructions workers sit on a beam taking a break . 	The man is putting on his shirt near an elevator . 	525
A man and a woman laughing . 	A man and a woman kiss . 	526
A black , brown and white dog running through a field . 	A white and brown dog runs in a field . 	527
Children are playing in a swimming pool while two adult men watch them . 	Children play in a pool while adults look on . 	528
A dog is standing in the sand . 	A tan dog is standing in front of some plants . 	529
Four girls in swimsuits are playing volleyball at the beach . 	Four ladies in swimsuits play sand volleyball on the beach . 	530
Two kids splashing in the water . 	Two dogs play together on the bed . 	531
A blonde haired toddler swinging on a tire swing . 	A blonde haired child is swinging on a tire swing . 	532
The brown and white dog is walking in shallow waters . 	A white and brown dog appears to be walking on the water . 	533
A woman reads while on public transportation . 	A man who has fallen asleep on public transportation . 	534
A bulldog is running through a grassy park while people stand in the background . 	A dog is running in a large body of water causing it to splash . 	535
A young boy riding a bike on a brick road 	A person does tricks on a bike on a ramp surrounded by trees . 	536
The young man is skateboarding at a skate park . 	a boy in a blue T shirt is airborne on a skateboard in a skate park . 	537
A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk near a parking garage . 	A girl jumping rope on a sidewalk with a parking garage to the left . 	538
A person is out in the water at the beach while the sun sets . 	A person above their surfboard on the water . 	539
A dog jumps in midair to catch a Frisbee . 	The brown dog jumps for a pink Frisbee . 	540
A child wearing blue and white shorts is jumping in the surf . 	A girl wearing green twists something in her hands . 	541
The dog returns the play toy to its master . 	Three dogs race in the snow together . 	542
Two females jump off of swings . 	Two girls jump out of swings . 	543
A woman with a young girl pose with bear statues in front of a store . 	A man in a jersey stands in front of a large crowd . 	544
Two dogs running on the shore . 	A white dog running on the beach . 	545
A shirtless man playing football on a lawn . 	A shirtless man catches a football 	546
A girl wearing green twists something in her hands . 	A young boy wearing only green shorts poses awkwardly with a brick background . 	547
a young girl smiling with her head upside down 	A girl poses with her head upside down . 	548
Two women holding checkered flags near an orange car . 	Two ladies in skimpy clothes pose next to an old fashioned car . 	549
A man in a red jacket holds his bike for the picture . 	A woman in a red jacket is video taping a natural landscape . 	550
A boy jumps into a not-so-crowded public pool . 	A man jumps while on a snowboard . 	551
The clowns are striking a pose for the camera . 	A child in orange is on a boogie board in the waves . 	552
Four kids holding hands jump into a swimming pool . 	Four dogs playing in the snow . 	553
A yellow car speeds along a snowy field . 	A yellow car drives quickly in the snow . 	554
A boy pushes a wagon with two pumpkins . 	A child squats behind a wagon with two pumpkins in it . 	555
Two soccer players battle for the ball during an intense match . 	Two little orange and white dogs are in the snow . 	556
The black dog is walking through the tall grass . 	The black dog is running through the grass . 	557
Two dogs playing in snow . 	Two dogs playing in grass . 	558
One boy is pushing another boy on a swing . 	A boy is pushing another boy on the swings . 	559
A pitcher on a mound throws a baseball . 	A boy in the middle of a pitch at a baseball game . 	560
Two black dogs playing in the snow . 	A black dog digs in the snow . 	561
A dog jumps over a chain . 	A dog leaping over a chain . 	562
A girl with a black purse sitting on a wooden bench . 	A young woman with a black purse sits on a wooden bench . 	563
A black and a yellow dog 	A black dog and a brown-and-white dog play in a field . 	564
Three children in a ball pit . 	Several children playing in a ball pit . 	565
A large white and grey dog runs through a yellow tunnel in an obstacle course . 	A white and black dog is running out of a yellow and orange tube . 	566
A swimmer is doing the backstroke in the swimming pool . 	a person doing the back stroke in a swimming pool 	567
A man stands astride a bike on a rocky trail by a lake . 	A woman is wearing a white headband , purple tank top and black gloves . 	568
A brown dog is running through green grass . 	A brown dog is running though a river . 	569
A small white dog and large brown dog play on the grass . 	A small light tan dog is running past a large brown dog standing in the grass . 	570
A woman holds a dog while another dog stands nearby in a field . 	A lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard . 	571
A little girl is riding a toy tricycle on springs . 	A little girl is playing on a toy outdoors . 	572
A black dog walking through water . 	Two black dogs walking through the snow . 	573
A black dog is running in snow . 	A black dog is swimming with a ball in it 's mouth . 	574
A woman dressed in green is playing with her tan dog . 	A tan dog licks a girls hand while laying down . 	575
Two homeless men stand outside with a cardboard sign . 	Two homeless young men holding a cardboard sign . 	576
A woman is sitting in the water . 	The woman is skating in the park . 	577
A brown dog wades in the water . 	A dog splashes in the murky water . 	578
A tan girl in a floral bikini is swimming in dark blue waters . 	a little girl in a flowered bathingsuit runs through the sand at the beach 	579
One man in an orange shirt wearing a white helmet is riding a bike . 	The man wearing a blue helmet is riding a Polaris . 	580
A hockey player looks intently downward . 	A hockey player during a game . 	581
A little boy is standing in front of a wedding party laughing . 	A person standing on a stage in front of a seated crowd 	582
Two brown dogs chase each other in the snow . 	Two brown dogs are playing with each other in the snow . 	583
A person on a snowmobile . 	A person on a snowmobile in mid jump . 	584
Children are playing on a trampoline in the snow . 	Several children and jumping on a trampoline in the snow . 	585
The man is standing on the shore hitting a ball with a paddle . 	Two teenage girls are standing on beside the beach listening to ipods . 	586
This over the top photo shows two men taking a break . 	A person with swim cap and goggles taking a breath . 	587
Two brown dogs running together on sand 	Two brown dogs are running on the sand . 	588
A black dog is chasing after a red Frisbee . 	A black poodle is running in the snow . 	589
Two girls with ponytails ride an amusement park ride . 	A young girl is on a ride at an amusement park . 	590
A dog digging in the sand . 	A brown dog digs in the sand . 	591
a grey dog swimming through a river with a stick in his mouth 	Dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth 	592
A woman in a blue bathing suit is jumping off a dock into a lake . 	a boy in a blue shirt and blue jeans runs across a playground 	593
Two men sit on the sidewalk in front of stores . 	A woman in a bathing suit walks a dog on the beach . 	594
A black and white spotted dog jumps over a stream . 	A black and white spotted dog is jumping over the small stream of water . 	595
A person on a bmx bike . 	A man on a bike in mid-air 	596
Two dogs running through tall grass . 	Two dogs are running through a grassy area . 	597
Little white dog wearing a leash jumping after a red ball . 	A black and white dog returns a stick in the snow . 	598
A group of people standing outside of a building . 	A large group of people have formed a line outside . 	599
A dog with a stick follows another dog through the water . 	A four wheel drive car is driving through the mud . 	600
A group of four children dancing in a backyard . 	A group of children do stretches on colored mats . 	601
Two black dogs are playing on the grass . 	Two black dogs are playing in a grassy plain . 	602
a group of teenagers are jumping in the air on the beach . 	A group of young people jump up in the air while on the beach . 	603
A black and brown dog is chewing on a large stick . 	A black and white dog playing in the sand . 	604
A boy waves around a sparkler . 	A young boy is twisting a sparkler around in the air . 	605
Two black dogs playing in the grass . 	Two dogs play in the grass . 	606
Several people are sitting around a fire at night . 	A group of people are standing and sitting around on the ground at night . 	607
Two boys are jumping into a pool . 	Two boys are in midair jumping into an inground pool . 	608
Two different breeds of brown and white dogs play on the beach . 	Two dogs playing in the sand at the beach . 	609
One man and two women dressed in vampire costumes 	A man and two women dressed in costumes . 	610
Two boys , one wearing a hat , in a playground . 	Boy in tan hat laughs while sitting near playground equipment . 	611
Two dogs playing in snow . 	Two dogs play in the snow . 	612
A woman holds a baby while a man looks at it as another man holding a child watches . 	A woman stands with her arms out in a store while another woman holds a camera . 	613
A white fluffy dog is running in pure white snow . 	A fluffy , white dog running in the snow . 	614
A woman holding a newspaper . 	A man rollerblading on a metal bar . 	615
A group of men playing brass instruments . 	A group of guys play instruments outside . 	616
Two girls on the shore watch people in a boat fish . 	Two males , one in red and one in white playing a basketball game . 	617
a snowboarder jumps into the air . 	A snowboarder flies through the air . 	618
A white dog with red ears is running in the snow . 	a wet black dog with a red collar is in the river 	619
A little girl and a little boy hold hands on a shiny slide . 	A little girl in a paisley dress runs across a sandy playground . 	620
Kids play soccer on a field . 	Three boys playing soccer in a field 	621
A group of men walk and hang onto ropes . 	A group of men play a college football game . 	622
A man jumps off of one rooftop onto another . 	A young man jumps from one balcony to another . 	623
A black person in black and red is sleeping on a bench with an open black umbrella . 	A man sitting up taking a nap on a park bench with an open umbrella protecting him from the sun . 	624
One child pulls another , sitting in a red wagon , along the sand . 	A young boy pulls another boy wearing a silly hat in a radio flyer wagon . 	625
Two puppies playing with a plastic bag . 	Two dogs playing in a yard . 	626
An owl has its wings up and widespread during the day . 	The bird has its wings spread as it flies . 	627
A man in a blue cap is sitting on a stool under a tree . 	A dog standing on a beach with a ball nearby . 	628
A woman sings into a microphone by a guy playing a guitar . 	A woman sings into a microphone with a guitar player in the background . 	629
Three sheep graze on the grassy field with a dog walking behind them . 	a small group of goats in the grass with a black and white dog in the backgroud . 	630
a cyclist is making his bike jump between two rocks . 	A man jumps his bicycle in the air between two rocks . 	631
A man with a grey beard rides his bike on the beach of the ocean . 	A spotted dog stands on his hind legs to catch a ball on the beach . 	632
A man in a black suit is surfing along a crashing wave . 	A surfer wearing a black wet suit is riding a a white wave in the ocean . 	633
A young girl with a pink hat on with a yellow building in the background . 	A young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand . 	634
A girl in a pink dress rides her bike along a white picket fence . 	A girl in a red dress rides her bike in front of a white fence . 	635
A brown furry animal stands behind some plants . 	A dog pants while standing in the woods . 	636
A child in a red shirt is using a black wake board to splash over a beach wave . 	A man in a rowboat is rowing across blue water . 	637
The tan and white dog is running in the field . 	The brown and white dogs run through the field . 	638
Three little girls are sitting on the grass . 	Two poodles are running through the snow . 	639
A brown dog runs towards the camera on a dirt trail with mountains in the background . 	A brown dog runs toward the camera down a rocky trail through the brush with mountains in the background . 	640
A Golden Retriever jumping off a wood porch . 	A golden retriever is jumping off a wooden porch 	641
Dog is jumping down a ramp . 	A girls is jumping in the sand . 	642
The dog plays in the park . 	The dog leaps over the fence in the park . 	643
Two teenage girls , one is smiling . 	A little girl on a kid swing . 	644
Two birds interacting in the grass 	Two dogs play with each other outdoors . 	645
Four dogs stand in the snow . 	Four dogs playing in the snow . 	646
Brown and black dogs on snow , showing teeth and barking at each other . 	A black dog fighting with a brown dog in the snow . 	647
Two hikers stand at the top of a snowy mountain . 	Two mountain climbers stand on the top of a mountain looking around . 	648
A man running on a track . 	a man running track 	649
Two children in a field of red flowers . 	Two kids are playing in a field of red flowers . 	650
A young men jumps off rocks into a lake . 	A young man in red swimming trunks jumped off a large rock into the water . 	651
A small black dog is in the grass . 	A black dog is running in the grass . 	652
A lady dressed in a kimono is looking at the camera . 	Two girls dressed in black are sitting in a room making suggestive poses at the camera . 	653
A group of people are firing up a hot air balloon . 	A large group of people riding brown and white horses . 	654
Children play fight with swords . 	A child and parent pet a horse . 	655
A man is wind sailing in the ocean . 	A dog is running through the ocean . 	656
A man is skating down a set of stairs . 	The man is skiing down a snowy hill . 	657
Three dogs racing on a dirt track 	Cars racing on a dirt track 	658
Two people holding hands and walking in a field . 	Two men walking past a mural of a car . 	659
A brown dog chases a Frisbee 	A brown dog squating on grass . 	660
A lady with a yellow outfit is in the air above the bed in a yellow room . 	A dog with a red leash still attached chases over the grass toward a tennis ball . 	661
Woman in red overalls standing on the sidewalk . 	A woman in red overalls stands on sidewalk . 	662
A dog is running through a backyard full of leaves . 	Three dogs run through a field . 	663
two puppies playing around in the grass 	Two puppies play in the grass 	664
A light-colored dog runs through the grass . 	A dog runs through the grass . 	665
Two black and white dogs are playing together outside . 	Two children and a black dog are playing out in the snow . 	666
Three dogs running through water . 	A black dog running through water . 	667
A woman sits alone against a brick wall 	A woman is walking with a red bag . 	668
A skier is jumping in the air over a snowfield near a mountain range . 	A woman is sitting near a flower bed overlooking a tunnel . 	669
A brown dog carrying a stick in its mouth . 	A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth . 	670
A young woman leans over her plate at a meal . 	A young woman , topless except for paint or mud . 	671
The dogs are playing in the snow . 	Two dogs playing on the shore . 	672
A young boy in red swim trunks is jumping into a pool . 	A dog is being squirted with a hose as it jumps into a paddling pool . 	673
A person climbs up a snowy hill while their dog follows . 	A person climbs a snowy hill while a black dog follows . 	674
A brown dog sits on the beach . 	A dog running on the beach 	675
Scuba diver submerged in water . 	The scuba diver is underwater . 	676
The man is riding a bike down a dirt hill . 	A trick bicyclist grinds down a handrail . 	677
A large gray dog is playing in the deep snow . 	Four dogs playing in the snow . 	678
A man riding his bike on the beach by the ocean . 	A man walking his cow down the side of the road . 	679
Two dogs are running on the grass in front of the trees . 	A brown dog is running on the grass in front of some trees . 	680
A dog in in a car . 	A dog is biting a mop . 	681
Child holding an object that is on fire . 	A child in pink holds an object that appears to be on fire . 	682
A dog with floppy ears walking towards the camera in the woods . 	A child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling . 	683
A brown dog is splashing water everywhere by shaking the water off of itself . 	A white dog is standing by a river shaking himself dry . 	684
a young boy climbing on a rock wall 	Five greyhounds are racing on a sand track . 	685
A black and white dog is running on the beach . 	The black and brown dog is running through the snow . 	686
Many middle eastern people are sitting in the back of a blue truck . 	A group of people are riding in the back of a truck . 	687
Person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill . 	A person skiing down a snowy hill . 	688
A woman is eating fish at a restaurant . 	A woman eating a large fish in a restaurant . 	689
A child and two dogs play in the water . 	A child in red and blue floaties looking down at the water . 	690
A skateboarder doing a trick on a stone wall . 	A skateboarder riding up to a slope . 	691
People are standing on an escalator moving up . 	People ride up an escalator . 	692
A lady is running her dog through an agility course . 	Trainer runs her dog through training course with green pipe 	693
The white and brown dog is shaking its ears . 	The brown dog is running across the sand . 	694
A skateboarder jumps off the stairs . 	A dog jumps off the stairs . 	695
Some children are raising their hands and clapping . 	Three children are playing soccer in the sand . 	696
A man blowing a large bubble . 	A man walking a large black horse . 	697
Two people sit on a dock near the water . 	Two people sit on the end of a dock in the middle of still water . 	698
Two dogs running together and one has a duck toy in its mouth . 	a black and white dog walking through the grass with a long stick in his mouth . 	699
The black and white dog is running on the grass . 	A black and white dog swims in blue water . 	700
Hockey goal-keeper laying on the ice in front of net . 	A hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal . 	701
A skier wearing blue snow pants is flying through the air near a jump . 	A skier stands on his hands in the snow in front of a movie camera . 	702
The brown dog is running along a grassy pathway . 	A brown dog is running along a grassy stretch divided by strings . 	703
The girl is wearing a blue striped shirt and Rollerblades . 	a man wearing a black and white shirt jumping on a dogs back 	704
A tattooed man in black playing a white guitar and singing . 	A woman in a black and white coat and earmuffs . 	705
A dog running along the beach . 	Boy and girl running along the beach . 	706
A young man and woman sitting on a bench outside are kissing . 	The man and woman sitting on a bench are kissing . 	707
A brown dog is jumping up to catch a green strap in it 's mouth . 	A grey dog jumps to bite a green leash . 	708
A black dog is running in the grass . 	A black and a brown dog running in the grass . 	709
A woman is sitting on a sidewalk with a cell phone at her ear . 	A woman is riding her bicycle . 	710
Three dogs play in a grassy field . 	Some kids play in a field . 	711
A small white dog climbs over a log . 	a small dog steps onto a log . 	712
A young boy plays in a red ball pit . 	A laughing boy lies on a pit of blue balls . 	713
A surfer on a wave . 	A surfer is riding a wave . 	714
The dogs play in the snow on hind legs . 	Two dogs play in the snow . 	715
The skateboarder gets to the top of the ramp . 	The skateboarder rides the pipe wall at a skater park . 	716
Two men in a running contest . 	Dogs in a race . 	717
A boy skateboards down the railing of some graffiti stairs 	A skateboarder slides down a handrail on his feet . 	718
A black and white dog runs through the water . 	Black and brown dog runs through field . 	719
Two kids are walking on a path in the woods . 	Two children walking down a path in the woods . 	720
a brown and white dog is running on the grass . 	The tan and black dog is running across the grass . 	721
A woman runs on the beach . 	a dog runs across the land . 	722
Two dogs run side-by-side on the grass . 	Two dogs running on grass . 	723
Two dogs are peeing at a red fire hydrant . 	Two dogs are urinating on the red fire hydrant . 	724
A rugby player in dark gear is carrying a light colored rugby ball with arm outstretched . 	A brown dog splashes in the water while carrying a ball in it 's mouth . 	725
A golden colored dog jumps around in the grass while holding a stick in its mouth . 	A black dog is running through the grass carrying something red in its mouth . 	726
Two people are walking through some water . 	Two girls are walking by a tree in front of a brick building . 	727
A girl is running on a desert path . 	A young girl is talking on a cell phone . 	728
A white dog is playing with a ball on the beach . 	A black and white dog is playing with a tan dog . 	729
A dog splashing in the water . 	A dog splashes in the murky water . 	730
A man steers a blue boat past brightly colored houses . 	a man driving a blue boat passes by some colorful houses . 	731
A group of people are walking down the sidewalk of a big city . 	A group of people are riding in the back of a truck . 	732
The dog is in the air above the grass . 	The dog is laying on a bed with a blue sheet . 	733
Woman in black dress with red accessories is walking down the street . 	Woman in a black dress walking on the street . 	734
A black dog is running through some water . 	A man in a football uniform is running with a football during a game . 	735
Girl stands in subway waiting on something . 	A girl stands in a dimly lit area . 	736
Two dogs approach each other in the grass . 	Two dogs face off of each other on the grass . 	737
The man is sitting with a little girl in the park . 	The man is playing with the shaggy little dog . 	738
A large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth 	The tan dog is carrying a green squeak toy in its mouth . 	739
A group of people in boats racing towards the shore . 	A classroom of students watching a presentation . 	740
A person is riding a skateboard in the air above a ramp . 	A biker is riding along a track element located with a wooded area . 	741
A boy skateboards down the metal handrail at night . 	A brown dog runs on the sand , holding a stick . 	742
A person is squeezing through an opening in the rock face . 	A medium sized brown dog is running through an open white wooded area . 	743
Dog running towards camera with a ball in its mouth . 	The black and white dog swims with a brown object in its mouth . 	744
A young girl running on the beach . 	A little girl running at on the shore of a beach . 	745
A baseball player throws the ball . 	The basketball player holds the ball . 	746
A man is swinging on a rope over water . 	A man in a maroon bathing suit swings on a rope on a lake . 	747
A woman wearing large sunglasses holds newspapers in both hands . 	A fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble . 	748
A deer jumps a fence . 	A deer is jumping over a fence . 	749
A young girl dressed in a Minnie mouse outfit and an older woman walking down the sidewalk . 	a man wearing a white suit holding a newspaper walking through the streets . 	750
