in Nigeria , Chevron have be accuse by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigate violence against they and actually pay nigerian soldier to shoot protester at the Warri naval base . 	in Nigeria , the whole ijaw indigenous show Chevron to encourage the violence against they and of up to pay nigerian soldier to shoot the demonstrator at the naval base from Warri . 	1
I know that in France they have have whole herd slaughter and this do not seem to be the best way forward . 	I know that in France , the principle of slaughter of whole herd have be implement and that this be not the best way to combat this phenomenon . 	2
unfortunately , the ultimate objective of a european Constitution would be precisely the opposite , and so , of course , we can not vote for it . 	unfortunately the final objective of a european Constitution would be exactly the opposite and obviously we can not approve it . 	3
the right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution be the define characteristic of a tyranny . 	the right for a government to draw aside its constitution arbitrarily be the definition characteristic of a tyranny . 	4
the House have also fight , however , for the reduction of the fund available for innovative measure to be offset by means of resource from the flexibility instrument , a demand which be record in a declaration on the financial perspective in the Interinstitutional Agreement . 	this Parliament have also fight for this reduction in the fund available for innovative action should be compensate for by the use of the framework of flexibility , define in a statement on the financial perspective . 	5
the right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution be the define characteristic of a tyranny . 	the right for a government to dismiss arbitrarily its constitution be the definition of a characteristic tyranny . 	6
after all , it be by no means certain that the propose definition of equitable price be better than any other , because the various definition that be currently in use in the Member States be all perfectly satisfactory . 	indeed , it be not absolutely certain that the definition of fair price which be better than another , because the definition use in the Member States in all amply sufficient . 	7
one could indeed wish for more and for improvement , but I honestly believe that we have make a good start . 	they can in fact wish to more and better , but I think that it be a good start . 	8
it must genuinely be a centre for coordinate the network of national agency which , in turn , must activate and coordinate a network of centre of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual region . 	it should be the real coordination of the network of national agency which , in turn , will speed up and a network of centre of excellence of food at regional level . 	9
on my own behalf and on behalf of my colleague in the Committee on Fisheries , I would ask you , Madam President , to send Parliament ' s condolence to the family of the victim and to the local authority in both Brittany and in Marín , Galicia , from where the majority of the victim come . 	Madam President , I would ask you , on behalf of my colleague in the Committee on Fisheries and in my own name , to send a message of condolence on the part of Parliament to the family of the victim and the local authority of Brittany as Marín , city of Galicia , where originate from most of the victim . 	10
one could indeed wish for more and for improvement , but I honestly believe that we have make a good start . 	one can indeed wish more and better , but I believe very honestly that it be a good start . 	11
he will stand trial on 8 January on charge of have attend a meeting of the tunisian opposition in France , which he deny . 	it pass in lawsuit next on January 8 . it be reproach to he for have take part in a meeting of tunisian opponent in France , which besides it deny . 	12
thank you very much , Commissioner . 	thank you very much , Mr Commissioner . 	13
a step in the right direction , for which the European Parliament have be strive for a long time now , be the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation . 	the creation of a provisional unit of judicial cooperation be a step in the right direction , not to which the European Parliament have be seek for a long time already . 	14
there have be a budget head for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programme for many year now . 	a budget line finance programme of mine clearance and prevention for year . 	15
the other viewpoint illustrate by the rapporteur ' s initial statement and share by a number of member be to promote regulation and code of conduct which be need in order to establish among insurer way of organise cost on a mutual basis provide everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practice develop together with risk and client selection . 	the other point of view , illustrate by the initial aim of the rapporteur and share by many colleague , be to promote the regulation and code of conduct necessary to establish , between insurer , the form of cost option guarantee all the supply of good quality of care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practice and a selection of risk and customer . 	16
the only instance in which no tax be levy be when the supplier be in a non-eu country and the recipient be in a Member State of the EU . 	the only case for which no tax be still perceive `` be a example of supply in the European Community from a third country . 	17
clearly , explanation be necessary for the increase incidence of BSE , not only in France but also in other Member States . 	it be obviously necessary to determine the reason for the increase in the incidence of BSE , not only in France but also in other Member States . 	18
Mr President , the Commission ' s attitude to the right of access to document may be see from the internal handbook send on 11 October to employee of the Commission to tell they how to deal with request from mep for access to document . 	Mr President , we can see the Commission 's position in term of public access to document by read the internal manual which be give on 11 October , with the Commission official in order to explain the way in which they be to deal with the request from the member with regard to access to document . 	19
I stress this point because the market can not regulate everything , which be why competition be not completely unrestricted , nor should it be . 	I insist on this point because the market can not regulate all and that , accordingly , it do not have there nor can not have there of competition without limit . 	20
after all , it be by no means certain that the propose definition of equitable price be better than any other , because the various definition that be currently in use in the Member States be all perfectly satisfactory . 	indeed , it be not absolutely certain that the definition of fair price propose be better than another , because the different definition be currently use in the Member States be enough be enough . 	21
Mr President , lady and gentleman , I should like to say a few word on the joint resolution , which will , of course , be pass . 	Mr. President , my honourable member , I would like to intervene on the joint resolution that obviously we will vote . 	22
I also vote against a text which call for the incorporation of the Charter of fundamental rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice . 	I also vote against a text which require the incorporation of the Charter of the fundamental rights in the future treaty which will be adopt in Nice . 	23
there have be a budget head for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programme for many year now . 	a budget line finances clearance programme and of prevention since year . 	24
fifty-seven senator , include 24 Republicans , have sign the letter . 	of those who sign the letter , 57 be senator , include 24 Republicans . 	25
I find it rather odd that people be already try to tie the Commission 's hand in relation to the proposal for a directive , while at the same call on it to present a Green Paper on the current situation with regard to optional and supplementary health insurance scheme . 	I find it a little strange to now oblige the Commission to a motion for a resolution and to ask he at the same time to draw up a Green Paper on the current state of voluntary insurance and supplementary sickness insurance . 	26
people with the same business affair in common be peacefully bind to one another . 	the economic activity Commons generate peaceful link between people . 	27
Spain have do a magnificent job in turn round the difficult neighbourly relation which Europe and North Africa and Spain and Morocco have suffer during the course of history . 	Spain have develop a remarkably positive the difficult that always exist between Europe and North Africa and between Spain and Morocco . 	28
a step in the right direction , for which the European Parliament have be strive for a long time now , be the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation . 	the creation of a Provisional Judicial Cooperation Unit be a step in the right direction , which the European Parliament be not a long time ago . 	29
I would urge the french Presidency to do they utmost to overcome this divide , because it be extremely destructive . 	I urge the french Presidency to do everything in its power to bridge this gap , particularly destructive . 	30
reiterate the call make by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000 , what initiative do the Presidency of the european Council propose to take with a view to play a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the UN peace plan ? 	as the European Parliament , in its resolution of 16 March 2000 , that they initiative do the Council intend to take to play a more active role in order to ensure the full and entire application of the UN peace plan ? 	31
on the contrary , the influence of the national democracy be be reduce by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament be be give more power . 	on the contrary , the power of the national restricting still further the right of veto and to give more power to the Parliament of the EU . 	32
Mr President , I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière ' s report , which I think be clearly word and well put together . 	Mr President , in my speech I shall focus on the report by Mrs Lalumière report , which I find formulate well thought-out and clearly . 	33
I stress this point because the market can not regulate everything , which be why competition be not completely unrestricted , nor should it be . 	I stress this because the market can not regulate everything and that , in this sense , there can not be any competition without limit . 	34
the Council of Europe , along with the Court of Human Rights , have a wealth of experience of such form of supervision , and we can build on these . 	just like the Court of the human rights , the Council of Europe have to he also a solid experiment with regard to such form of control . we can take it for base . 	35
Mr President , lady and gentleman , I should like to say a few word on the joint resolution , which will , of course , be pass . 	Mr President , lady and gentleman , I would like to speak on the joint resolution that obviously we vote . 	36
I call on Prague to respond to this signal , this challenge , this plea for dialogue , to grant we request and to ensure , together with we House , that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consign to the past . 	I invite Prague to take this message , this invitation , this request for dialogue , to act and to make it so that , together with this House , these be nationalistic period relic may be abandon . 	37
it must genuinely be a centre for coordinate the network of national agency which , in turn , must activate and coordinate a network of centre of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual region . 	it must be the true brain coordination of the network of national agency , which , in turn , must activate and coordinate a network of centre of excellence of food safety at regional level . 	38
as a matter of urgency , therefore , the staff complement of the Interdepartmental Group attach to the Commission Secretariat should be strengthen at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposal for act which be general in scope be accompany , when consider by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299 -lrb- 2 -rrb- , by a simplify sheet outline they potential impact . 	therefore , it be urgent that the personnel of the inter-service group be very quickly reinforce at the heart of the Secretary-General of the Commission , so that all the proposal of the act of general interest can be accompany , during they examination by the Commission on the basis of Article 299 -lrb- 2 -rrb- of a detailed fiche d'impact . 	39
while withdraw the resolution , however , I express the conviction that this Parliament would have make its voice hear better if , in anticipation of the Council of Nice , it have devote a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topic of the Intergovernmental Conference , instead of deal with they in a single resolution that also embrace all the other point on the Council agenda . 	by withdraw we resolution , I be , however , convinced that Parliament would have do better by make its voice hear , in view of the nice european Council , a separate and specific resolution on the issue which be so important and so difficult for the Intergovernmental Conference , rather than treat they in the context of a single resolution include also all the other item on the agenda of the Council . 	40
the Council of Europe , along with the Court of Human Rights , have a wealth of experience of such form of supervision , and we can build on these . 	just as the European Court of Human Rights , the Council of Europe have also considerable experience with regard to these form of control ; we can take as a basis . 	41
we have start to exchange idea on this question , from which it have emerge that all the Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement . 	we have start to have discussion on this issue , make it clear that all the Member States wish to maintain this ceiling after enlargement . 	42
firstly , simplification and clarification of the Treaties . 	firstly , that of simplification and clarification of the Treaties . 	43
as a matter of urgency , therefore , the staff complement of the Interdepartmental Group attach to the Commission Secretariat should be strengthen at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposal for act which be general in scope be accompany , when consider by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299 -lrb- 2 -rrb- , by a simplify sheet outline they potential impact . 	thus , it be urgent that the staff of the interservice group be very quickly strengthen at the heart of the Secretary-General of the Commission , so that all the propose act of general scope can be accompany , during they examination by the college on the basis of Article 299 -lrb- 2 -rrb- of a fiche d'impact detail . 	44
without doubt , it be better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it be true that , in this instance , the american proposal be a third-rate proposal , and one which be completely unacceptable to Europe . 	without doubt , be better to have no agreement only have a agreement that be bad and , in this case , the american proposal be a proposal to the rebate , totally unacceptable for Europe . 	45
the very worst situation be when the woman concern also come from distant country , have take the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continue to provide for themselves . 	the situation be worse when it come to woman 's distant country which have accept this work by necessity and who have no alternative to continue support themselves to they vital need . 	46
the joint debate be close . 	the joint debate be close . 	47
it be this kind of future I would also like to see in the other country within the European Union . 	this be a development of this kind that I wish the other Member States of the European Union . 	48
if we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deed , not merely word . 	if we want to help Indonesia , we must intervene now with money and action , and not just with word . 	49
without doubt , it be better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it be true that , in this instance , the american proposal be a third-rate proposal , and one which be completely unacceptable to Europe . 	without doubt , it be better to have no agreement have a agreement that be wrong and , in this case , the american proposal be a watered-down proposal totally unacceptable for Europe . 	50
this be also the position advocate by the rapporteur , and it be share by the european people ' s Party . 	that be the position defend by the rapporteur and share by the european people 's Party . 	51
clearly , explanation be necessary for the increase incidence of BSE , not only in France but also in other Member States . 	we must clearly define the reason for the increase in the incidence of BSE , not only in France but also in other Member States . 	52
whilst employment may be the European Union ' s priority policy , fishery , as another economic sector , can not remain on the sideline . 	if employment be the political priority of the Union , fishery , as a economic sector , can not remain on the sideline . 	53
lastly , and most controversially , the committee strongly call for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation . 	finally , and this be a subject more controversial , the Commission invite vigorously to use the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation . 	54
they will keep the pressure on , and they be strengthen they position with the revenue they be generate from deliver mail above 150 gram . 	they continue to put pressure . the money they earn with distribution beyond the bound of 150 gramme allow they to strengthen they position . 	55
if we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deed , not merely word . 	if we want to help Indonesia , we must speak now with money and concrete action , and not just with word . 	56
there have be a budget head for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programme for many year now . 	a budget line be fund programme for mine clearance and prevention for year . 	57
Mr Gayssot , greek ship have sink without warning , when there be no storm in the vicinity . 	vessel , without which there be the slightest , Mr Gayssot . 	58
I call on Prague to respond to this signal , this challenge , this plea for dialogue , to grant we request and to ensure , together with we House , that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consign to the past . 	I invite Prague to seize this sign , this invitation , this request for dialogue , to take action pursuant and to make to it so that , in.liaison.with this Parliament , these one nationalist era old relic can be abandon . 	59
but I would like to say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spend just 1 % of GDP and much of that be administer in the Member States . 	nevertheless , I would like to say to the House this afternoon that we must not lose sight of the fact that the European Union spend only 1 % of the gdp of the Member States and that the bulk of this money be manage in the Member States . 	60
the UK Labour member of the PES Group welcome the adoption of they contribution to the ongoing work of the igc on reinforce cooperation , without endorse every single detail . 	. -lrb- in -rrb- the british labor member of group PSE be pleased with the favourable response reserve for the contribution which they make to the ongoing work of the igc on the reinforce cooperation , without adhering completely to all the detail of this one . 	61
in Nigeria , Chevron have be accuse by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigate violence against they and actually pay nigerian soldier to shoot protester at the Warri naval base . 	in Nigeria , the indigenous people All-Ijaw Chevron have be accuse of incite violence against they and to go so far as to pay nigerian soldier to draw on the demonstrator in the Warri naval base . 	62
I know that in France they have have whole herd slaughter and this do not seem to be the best way forward . 	I know that in France , the principle of the slaughter of whole herd be apply and that do not seem to be the best way to combat this phenomenon . 	63
these objective , the main one and the secondary one , will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposal submit by the Commission must be judge . 	these objective , the override goal and secondary objective , will be the yardstick by which we judge the concrete proposal put forward by the Commission . 	64
the european Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiation and hence of the enlargement . 	the european Council will discuss the state of progress of accession negotiation , and therefore of enlargement . 	65
- my party have serious reservation about community law apply to the sale of consumer product , as against apply the concept of mutual recognition of standard . 	my party have profound reservation about the regulation of the sale of consumer goods by means of Community legislation , as it express reservation about the concept of mutual recognition of standard . 	66
the other viewpoint illustrate by the rapporteur ' s initial statement and share by a number of member be to promote regulation and code of conduct which be need in order to establish among insurer way of organise cost on a mutual basis provide everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practice develop together with risk and client selection . 	the other point of view , illustrate by the initial matter of the rapporteur and share per number of member , consist in promote the regulation and the code of conduct necessary to find , between insurer , the form of mutualisation of the cost guarantee to all the supply of a high quality of care and to counter the risk to see develop discriminatory practice and a risk selection and customer . 	67
I wonder if the Commissioner have plan any step in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider Kostunica to be the only lawfully elect representative of the serbian people , and the only partner with whom the European Union be involve as from today . 	I wonder if the Commissioner , for the step which they show that we consider and as the representative of the serbian people and as the partner with which the European Union will have to deal with . 	68
all those who be at present engage in illicit work would obtain work with decent social condition . 	all those who be currently engage in undeclared work e.g. employment in decent social condition . 	69
therefore , I also believe that this reconciliation be sustainable , but that the government , which have very courageously find a solution to the university issue and to many other issue , need visible sign of its success , and powerful support , else peace throughout the region will be under threat . 	that be why I also believe that this reconciliation can take , but the government , which have very courageously find a solution to the issue of university and to many other problem , need the visible sign of success as well as a strong support , on pain of be threaten peace in the region as a whole . 	70
clearly , explanation be necessary for the increase incidence of BSE , not only in France but also in other Member States . 	we must obviously determine the reason for the increase in the incidence of BSE , not only in France but also in other Member States . 	71
without doubt , it be better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it be true that , in this instance , the american proposal be a third-rate proposal , and one which be completely unacceptable to Europe . 	without doubt , it be better to have no agreement at all than to have a agreement that be wrong and , in this case , the proposal be a proposal to you , totally unacceptable for Europe . 	72
reiterate the call make by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000 , what initiative do the Presidency of the european Council propose to take with a view to play a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the UN peace plan ? 	as the European Parliament have call for in its resolution of 16 March 2000 , they initiative european Council Presidency intend to take to play a more active role in order to ensure the full implementation of the UN peace plan ? 	73
it be unlikely that the plan protection of the universal provision of service by means of a compensatory fund , as a result of which private profit be plough back into public service , will last . 	the maintenance of the universal service to the assistance of a compensation fund which enable engage the advantage of public service will probably long fire . 	74
I wonder if the Commissioner have plan any step in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider Kostunica to be the only lawfully elect representative of the serbian people , and the only partner with whom the European Union be involve as from today . 	I wonder if the Commissioner already provide the step that will make it possible to show that we consider Koitunica as the legally elect representative of the serbian people and as a partner with which the European Union will now address . 	75
the labelling of beef that be agree on , which be a minimum form of labelling and only come into force two and a half month ago , do not make it possible for the origin of animal to be adequately trace , and we be very slow to ban specify risk material . 	the labelling of beef which have be decide , which be a minimum and labelling which be in force for two and a half month , do not properly to trace the origin of the animal and we have ban quite late specify risk material . 	76
we shall have to speak with just one disagreeable voice in the WTO . 	we speak with a single voice within the WTO . 	77
they will keep the pressure on , and they be strengthen they position with the revenue they be generate from deliver mail above 150 gram . 	they will continue to put pressure on the money they gain the distribution beyond the bound of the 150 gram enable they to strengthen they position . 	78
it be gratify that Parliament have succeed in produce a large majority in favour of more openness . 	it must be welcome that the European Parliament have succeed in bring together a broad majority in favour of greater transparency . 	79
the aim of the annual review be to identify such potential improvement . 	the annual report aim to identify such potential improvement . 	80
there be a urgent need , follow the recent attack on the greek minority in Himara , to promote democratisation measure and measure to strengthen institution and respect for human rights in Albania . 	the recent incident against the greek minority of Himara make more imperative that we need to promote measure for democratisation , institution-building and respect for human rights in Albania . 	81
I call on Prague to respond to this signal , this challenge , this plea for dialogue , to grant we request and to ensure , together with we House , that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consign to the past . 	I call on Prague to seize this sign , this invitation , this request for dialogue , to follow they up and to ensure that , together with this House , these relic of a nationalist era can be abandon . 	82
the labelling of beef that be agree on , which be a minimum form of labelling and only come into force two and a half month ago , do not make it possible for the origin of animal to be adequately trace , and we be very slow to ban specify risk material . 	the labelling of beef and veal , which have be decide , which be a minimum and which be in force for two and a half month , do not make it possible to trace the origin of the animal properly and we have ban well late at risk . 	83
and I be tell you loud and clear : Kostunica must be give he chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of week or month , but meanwhile , I do want the introduction of those two new budget line , democratisation and reconstruction , to be accompany by political condition , both from a political and budgetary perspective . 	and I say this to you very clearly : we must give its opportunity to Kostunica and I therefore hope that it will ensure a amnesty during the week or month ahead ; but in the meantime , I wish , however , that , in political term and in budgetary term , the political condition be link to the introduction of these two new budget line , namely democratisation and reconstruction . 	84
the House have also fight , however , for the reduction of the fund available for innovative measure to be offset by means of resource from the flexibility instrument , a demand which be record in a declaration on the financial perspective in the Interinstitutional Agreement . 	this Parliament have , however , also fight for this reduction in the fund allocate to the innovative action to be compensate for by the use of framework of flexibility , define in a statement on the financial perspective . 	85
finally , in a word , the fourth pillar devote to equal opportunity reinforce the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guideline . 	finally , in a word , the fourth pillar dedicate to equal opportunity reinforce the integrated approach to equality by gender mainstreaming and specific guideline . 	86
on the contrary , the influence of the national democracy be be reduce by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament be be give more power . 	on the contrary , the power of national democracy be still more force to limit the right of veto and to give more power for the European Parliament . 	87
Mr Gayssot , greek ship have sink without warning , when there be no storm in the vicinity . 	greek ship sink , without the least storm in exist , Mr Gayssot . 	88
knowledge of foreign language be accept as a necessary precursor to mobility . 	it be recognise that the knowledge of foreign language be a prerequisite for mobility . 	89
it must genuinely be a centre for coordinate the network of national agency which , in turn , must activate and coordinate a network of centre of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual region . 	it must be the true brain coordination of the network of national agency , which , in turn , must activate and coordinate a network of centre of excellence food safety at regional level . 	90
the lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime law throughout the world be in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of put they right . 	the lesson that this House in this morning 's debate must learn be that we be force to conclude that the maritime law be all over the world , in a state of chaos , and that we must set about the task to sort all this out . 	91
we have hear that the previous Council Presidency first restructure and then scrap the Ministry for Equality . 	we have hear that the previous presidency have restructure first and then dismantle the Ministry of equal opportunity . 	92
the broader Standard & Poor 's 500 index . SPX gain 3 point , or 0.39 percent , at 924 . 	the technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index < . ixic > rise 6 point , or 0.41 percent , to 1,498 . 	93
this be also the position advocate by the rapporteur , and it be share by the european people ' s Party . 	it be the position defend by the rapporteur and share by the european popular party . 	94
it be unlikely that the plan protection of the universal provision of service by means of a compensatory fund , as a result of which private profit be plough back into public service , will last . 	the safeguard of universal service to a compensation fund which would engage in private profit for the benefit of the public service will probably long . 	95
-lrb- Parliament accept the oral amendment -rrb- 	-lrb- Parliament accept the oral amendment -rrb- 	96
. -lrb- es -rrb- Mr President , enlargement be essential for the construction of a strong and united european continent . 	. -lrb- es -rrb- Mr. President , widen be essential for the construction of a strong and plain continent of Europe . 	97
without doubt , it be better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it be true that , in this instance , the american proposal be a third-rate proposal , and one which be completely unacceptable to Europe . 	certainly , it be not to have a agreement better than to have a agreement which be wrong and , in this case , the american proposal be a proposal to the reduction , totally unacceptable for Europe . 	98
on the situation in burma 	on the situation in burma . 	99
the french Presidency thanks you , Madam President , lady and gentleman , for this cooperation , for you support and also for the warm reception you have give we . 	for this cooperation , for you support and also for you warm welcome , Madam President , lady and gentleman , the french Presidency thank you . 	100
the lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime law throughout the world be in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of put they right . 	the lesson that must retain this House in she this morning 's debate be that we be force to conclude that the law be maritime , throughout the world , in a state of mess , and that we must set about the task of they to bring order . 	101
secondly , say no to the big bang idea of incorporate candidate country simultaneously as a large group , since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admit on its own merit . 	secondly , we must say ` no ' to the concept which would be admit that big bang , but at the same time , a large group of country , because this would be in contradiction with the principle of the admission of each country on its merit . 	102
secondly , say no to the big bang idea of incorporate candidate country simultaneously as a large group , since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admit on its own merit . 	secondly , we must say ` no ' to the big bang concept which would admit that at the same time , a large group of country , because that would be at odds with the principle of the admission of each country accord to its merit . 	103
unfortunately , the ultimate objective of a european Constitution would be precisely the opposite , and so , of course , we can not vote for it . 	unfortunately the final objective of a european Constitution would be exactly the opposite and of course we can not agree . 	104
a step in the right direction , for which the European Parliament have be strive for a long time now , be the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation . 	the creation of a provisional unit of judicial cooperation be a step in the right direction , which the European Parliament have be strive for a long time . 	105
the debate be close . 	the debate be close . 	106
those who stand apart from reinforce cooperation be really be give the same freedom as the back seat passenger in a car . 	those who reject the enhance cooperation have the same freedom of movement that passenger in the back seat of a car . 	107
worst of all , I believe , be have to issue a warning that a court judgment in they favour may just be a set of comforting word and make no real difference in they life . 	in my opinion , there be nothing worse than have to inform the people to be make in they favour could be that a series of word and have no worry on they existence . 	108
while withdraw the resolution , however , I express the conviction that this Parliament would have make its voice hear better if , in anticipation of the Council of Nice , it have devote a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topic of the Intergovernmental Conference , instead of deal with they in a single resolution that also embrace all the other point on the Council agenda . 	by withdraw we resolution , I be , however , convinced that Parliament would do better to devote its voice , in view of the Nice Council , a specific resolution separate and the extremely important subject and difficult if the Intergovernmental Conference , rather than treat they within the framework of a single resolution include also all other item on the agenda of the Council . 	109
I should also have like the Court of auditor ' report to have be a little more user-friendly and to have provide a number of clear recommendation , for example one or two per chapter . 	I would also have like the report of the Court of auditor be a little more user-friendly and that it have submit some clear recommendation - for example , one or two recommendation per chapter . 	110
in the last three week , progress have be make in three major area . 	in recent week , three important progress have be make . 	111
that be a shameful state of affair when we consider that the EU itself be a champion of modernised business practice . 	this be a disgrace when we think that the European Union be a champion of the modernisation of economic life . 	112
in Nigeria , Chevron have be accuse by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigate violence against they and actually pay nigerian soldier to shoot protester at the Warri naval base . 	in Nigeria , the All-Ijaw native show Chevron to incite with the violence in they opposition and of go until pay nigerian soldier to shoot at the demonstrator at the naval base from Warri . 	113
Slovakia have not be condemn to the second division and it be logical that it should like to join together with the Czech Republic . 	Slovakia be not condemn to remain in the second group and it be logical that it wish to join the Union at the same time as the Czech Republic . 	114
we welcome the arrangement propose in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopt by the General Assembly regard procedure for the registration of non-governmental organisation for involvement in the preparatory process and the special session in September 2001 . 	we welcome the provision propose in this respect by the preparatory committee and decide by the General Assembly in relation to the method of accreditation of non-governmental organisation , at the preparatory process and the special session in September 2001 . 	115
you do not even intend to incorporate it into the Treaty , evidence indeed that this text , this exercise be always destine to be lay aside . 	you do not want to incorporate in the Treaty , which demonstrate that this text should be set aside . 	116
this be a vague area , and it be possible that more restrictive provision may also remain in force , and this be one point in respect of which we have table amendment . 	it be not clear on this point , and it be not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive measure , especially on this point than we table amendment . 	117
Mr Gayssot , greek ship have sink without warning , when there be no storm in the vicinity . 	greek ship be sink , without any storm around , Mr Gayssot . 	118
unfortunately , the ultimate objective of a european Constitution would be precisely the opposite , and so , of course , we can not vote for it . 	unfortunately the ultimate objective of a european Constitution would be opposite and obviously we can not support it . 	119
I would urge the french Presidency to do they utmost to overcome this divide , because it be extremely destructive . 	I make a urgent appeal to the Presidency to do everything in its power to fill this role . 	120
that make they heavily dependent on loan . 	a policy which have be strongly capital . 	121
it be this kind of future I would also like to see in the other country within the European Union . 	this be a development of this type that I wish to other state of the European Union . 	122
the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insist on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7 % . 	it be right in say that the Committee on Legal Affairs continue in the refusal of a ceiling and the maintenance of a minimum rate which can not be less than 7 % . 	123
the very worst situation be when the woman concern also come from distant country , have take the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continue to provide for themselves . 	thing deteriorate when it be a question of woman from country which have accept this work and who have no other possibility to continue to provide they basic need . 	124
it must genuinely be a centre for coordinate the network of national agency which , in turn , must activate and coordinate a network of centre of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual region . 	it must be the true brain of coordination of the network of the national agency which , in they turn , will have to activate and coordinate a network of center of excellence of food safety at the regional level . 	125
all those who be at present engage in illicit work would obtain work with decent social condition . 	all those who work currently out a job in social condition . 	126
he will stand trial on 8 January on charge of have attend a meeting of the tunisian opposition in France , which he deny . 	it go trial on 8 January of next year . it be accuse of have participate in a meeting of tunisian opponent in France , as indeed it deny . 	127
the labelling of beef that be agree on , which be a minimum form of labelling and only come into force two and a half month ago , do not make it possible for the origin of animal to be adequately trace , and we be very slow to ban specify risk material . 	the labelling of beef which be decide , which be a minimum labelling and which come into effect only since two month and half , do not make it possible to suitably recall the origin of the animal and we prohibit well tardily the specify risk material . 	128
as long ago as 1996 the European Parliament come out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only . 	since 1996 , the European Parliament have decide in favour of a prohibition of the use of the bone meal in the European Union , in accordance with the precautionary principle - so only it have be listen to . 	129
you do not even intend to incorporate it into the Treaty , evidence indeed that this text , this exercise be always destine to be lay aside . 	you do not even want to incorporate into the Treaty , which show that this text should be set aside . 	130
that be change in the face of criticism , especially from Ireland and France , and a different spin have now be put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer : it be now be portray as a user charge for all , include british lorry driver . 	face with criticism , especially those in Ireland and France , the British Chancellor of the Exchequer give a new interpretation of it : it be now a tax for all user , include the british driver of heavy goods vehicle . 	131
and I be tell you loud and clear : Kostunica must be give he chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of week or month , but meanwhile , I do want the introduction of those two new budget line , democratisation and reconstruction , to be accompany by political condition , both from a political and budgetary perspective . 	and I say to you very clearly : we must give its chance Kostunica and I therefore hope that it will provide a amnesty during the week and month ahead ; but in the meantime , I hope , however , that , politically and in term of the budget , the political condition be link to the introduction of these two new budgetary line , namely democratisation and reconstruction . 	132
it be this kind of future I would also like to see in the other country within the European Union . 	it be a development of this type which I hope in the other States of the European Union . 	133
you do not even intend to incorporate it into the Treaty , evidence indeed that this text , this exercise be always destine to be lay aside . 	you do not even want to incorporate into the Treaty , that prove that this text should be set aside . 	134
above all , when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employee have a project , it should not need to provide 120 % loan guarantee in the form of land to receive financing ; it should also be possible for it to be fund on the basis of a good idea . 	above all , unipersonnelle when a company or a society with fewer than 250 employee have a project , it must be possible to receive financing not only with a guarantee to 120 % , but also on the basis of a good idea . 	135
I find it rather odd that people be already try to tie the Commission 's hand in relation to the proposal for a directive , while at the same call on it to present a Green Paper on the current situation with regard to optional and supplementary health insurance scheme . 	I find it a little strange to try now to force the Commission to a motion for a resolution and ask he at the same time to draw up a Green Paper on the current state of voluntary insurance and supplementary sickness insurance . 	136
I stress this point because the market can not regulate everything , which be why competition be not completely unrestricted , nor should it be . 	I stress this point because the market can not solve all and , in this sense , there can not be any competition without limit . 	137
without doubt , it be better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it be true that , in this instance , the american proposal be a third-rate proposal , and one which be completely unacceptable to Europe . 	Undoubtedly , be it not to have a agreement better than to have a agreement which be bad and , in this case , the american proposal be a proposal with the reduction , completely unacceptable for Europe . 	138
it be gratify that Parliament have succeed in produce a large majority in favour of more openness . 	we must welcome the fact that Parliament have manage to gather a large majority in favour of greater transparency . 	139
on the contrary , the influence of the national democracy be be reduce by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament be be give more power . 	on the contrary , the power of the national democracy decrease in force of limit increasingly the right of veto and to give ever more power in Parliament of the EU . 	140
the european Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiation and hence of the enlargement . 	the european Council will also discuss the state of progress of the negotiation on membership , and therefore of the ' . 	141
I call on Prague to respond to this signal , this challenge , this plea for dialogue , to grant we request and to ensure , together with we House , that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consign to the past . 	I invite Prague to seize this , this invitation , this request for dialogue , to respond and to ensure that , together with this House , these relic of a nationalist age can be abandon . 	142
those who stand apart from reinforce cooperation be really be give the same freedom as the back seat passenger in a car . 	those who refuse closer cooperation to enjoy the same freedom of movement that passenger in the back seat of a car . 	143
that be change in the face of criticism , especially from Ireland and France , and a different spin have now be put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer : it be now be portray as a user charge for all , include british lorry driver . 	give the criticism , particularly those of Ireland and France , the British Chancellor of the Exchequer have give a new interpretation : it would now a tax for all user , include the lorry driver in the UK . 	144
we have hear that the previous Council Presidency first restructure and then scrap the Ministry for Equality . 	we have hear that the previous presidency be first restructure can dismantle the Ministry of equal opportunity . 	145
finally , in a word , the fourth pillar devote to equal opportunity reinforce the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guideline . 	finally , in a word , the fourth pillar dedicate to equal opportunity reinforce the integrated approach to equality by the mainstreaming and by specific guideline . 	146
this rule can be apply equally to all recreational but dangerous drug when no one but the person consume the drug be likely to be affect . 	this rule can also apply to all drug récréationnelles but dangerous as far as the consumer of drug should be the only to run risk . 	147
when we be face with a potential risk , it be important to apply the precautionary principle . 	when we be confront with a potential risk , it be important to implement the precautionary principle . 	148
we welcome the arrangement propose in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopt by the General Assembly regard procedure for the registration of non-governmental organisation for involvement in the preparatory process and the special session in September 2001 . 	we welcome the proposed provision in this respect by the preparatory committee and decide by the General Assembly as regard the way accreditation non-governmental organisation , the preparation process and the special session in September 2001 . 	149
above all , when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employee have a project , it should not need to provide 120 % loan guarantee in the form of land to receive financing ; it should also be possible for it to be fund on the basis of a good idea . 	above all , when a business or a society with fewer than 250 a project , it must be possible for a mean not only with a guarantee to 120 % , but also on the basis of a good idea . 	150
a step in the right direction , for which the European Parliament have be strive for a long time now , be the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation . 	the creation of a provisional unit of legal cooperation constitute a step in the right direction , not to which the European Parliament aspire for a long time already . 	151
-lrb- applause -rrb- 	I already answer on this point and I subscribe completely so that he say on the need for improve the public debate considerably . I will not return on what I say , but it be true that , too often , the citizen feel foreign with decision which be make in authority that they do not know . 	152
these objective , the main one and the secondary one , will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposal submit by the Commission must be judge . 	these objective , the secondary primary objective and objective , will represent the stone of key enable we to consider the concrete proposal present by the Commission . 	153
when we be face with a potential risk , it be important to apply the precautionary principle . 	when we be face with a potential risk , it be important to implement the precautionary principle . 	154
from the first discussion on this dossier , which be hold at european level at the initiative of the European Parliament , the Commission have give a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action design to develop what we might call a european police culture , ground in the highest standard of duty , respect for the rights and freedom of we citizen and efficiency in the fight against crime . 	since the first , on this issue , which take place at the european level on the initiative of the European Parliament , the Commission be in relation to the Member States to promote a action intend to what we could consider as a culture , on the standard they in the matter of respect for the rights and freedom of the citizen , and effectiveness in the fight against crime . 	155
Mr President , lady and gentleman , I should like to say a few word on the joint resolution , which will , of course , be pass . 	Mr President , lady and gentleman , I would like to speak on the joint resolution that of course we will . 	156
these objective , the main one and the secondary one , will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposal submit by the Commission must be judge . 	these objective , the objective of primary and secondary objective , the cornerstone of allow we to judge the concrete proposal by the Commission . 	157
on the situation in burma 	on the situation in burma . 	158
while withdraw the resolution , however , I express the conviction that this Parliament would have make its voice hear better if , in anticipation of the Council of Nice , it have devote a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topic of the Intergovernmental Conference , instead of deal with they in a single resolution that also embrace all the other point on the Council agenda . 	by withdraw we resolution , I express however the conviction that we Parliament would have better do to hear its voice while devote , for Conseil of Nice , a resolution specific and distinct with the so important and so difficult topic to the intergovernmental conference , rather than to treat they within the framework of one only resolution also include all the other point of about a agenda of the Council . 	159
those who stand apart from reinforce cooperation be really be give the same freedom as the back seat passenger in a car . 	those who refuse and enjoy the same freedom of movement as the passenger out of a car . 	160
I know that in France they have have whole herd slaughter and this do not seem to be the best way forward . 	I know that in France , the principle of the whole and that it do not seem to be the best way to combat this phenomenon . 	161
Action be need quickly , which be why we decide to include this item on the agenda . 	there be urgency and that be why we have decide to put this item on the agenda . 	162
that be what we have do : we have avoid a budgetary crisis by go to Article 272 ; the financial perspective have be maintain , even though we have use the flexibility instrument . 	that be what we have do : we have avoid a budgetary crisis by return to Article 272 ; the financial perspective have be maintain , even if we have use the flexibility instrument . 	163
a step in the right direction , for which the European Parliament have be strive for a long time now , be the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation . 	the establishment of a provisional unit of judicial cooperation be a step in the right direction , not to which the European Parliament want a long time ago . 	164
I would urge the french Presidency to do they utmost to overcome this divide , because it be extremely destructive . 	I appeal urgently to the french Presidency to do everything in its power to bridge this gap particularly destructive . 	165
in the last three week , progress have be make in three major area . 	these last week , three significant progress be make . 	166
this be no time for the faint-hearted . 	it be not the moment to be hesitant . 	167
one could indeed wish for more and for improvement , but I honestly believe that we have make a good start . 	we can indeed want more and better , but quite honestly that I believe this be a good start . 	168
I should also have like the Court of auditor ' report to have be a little more user-friendly and to have provide a number of clear recommendation , for example one or two per chapter . 	I would also have like to see the report of the Court of auditor a little more user-friendly and if he have present a few clear recommendation - for example , one or two recommendation by chapter . 	169
secondly , say no to the big bang idea of incorporate candidate country simultaneously as a large group , since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admit on its own merit . 	secondly , we must say ` no ' to the concept be recognise that the big bang , but at the same time , a large group of country , because this would be in contradiction with the principle of the admission of each country on its merit . 	170
the only instance in which no tax be levy be when the supplier be in a non-eu country and the recipient be in a Member State of the EU . 	the only way for which no tax be not yet see be that of supply in the European Community from third country . 	171
-lrb- applause -rrb- 	I have already reply to this point and I agree entirely with what he say about the need to improve considerably the public debate I will not repeat what I say , but it be true that , all too often , citizen feel alienate to decision that be take in body that they do not know . 	172
give this situation , there be a inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment . 	give these reality , the need for greater involvement and greater efficiency in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment be essential . 	173
- my party have serious reservation about community law apply to the sale of consumer product , as against apply the concept of mutual recognition of standard . 	my party have serious reservation about the regulation of the sale of consumer goods through Community legislation , as it express reservation about the concept of mutual recognition of standard . 	174
give this situation , there be a inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment . 	face with this situation , the need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment be essential . 	175
therefore , I also believe that this reconciliation be sustainable , but that the government , which have very courageously find a solution to the university issue and to many other issue , need visible sign of its success , and powerful support , else peace throughout the region will be under threat . 	that be why I also believe that this reconciliation can take ; however , the government , which have very courageously find a solution to the issue of university and many other problem , need visible sign of success and a strong support , otherwise the peace threaten in the region as a whole . 	176
the only instance in which no tax be levy be when the supplier be in a non-eu country and the recipient be in a Member State of the EU . 	the only case for which no tax be a delivery be still see in the European Community from a third country . 	177
it be a matter of the utmost importance and yet have curiously attract very little public attention . 	the task , which be however capital , do not arouse a lively interest on behalf of the public yet . 	178
he will stand trial on 8 January on charge of have attend a meeting of the tunisian opposition in France , which he deny . 	it be on trial on 8 January be accuse he for have take part in a meeting of tunisian opponent in France , which also it deny . 	179
when we be face with a potential risk , it be important to apply the precautionary principle . 	when we be face with a potential risk , it be important to put into practice the principle of precaution . 	180
we have hear that the previous Council Presidency first restructure and then scrap the Ministry for Equality . 	we have hear that the previous presidency first restructure then dismantle the Ministry for equal opportunity . 	182
worst of all , I believe , be have to issue a warning that a court judgment in they favour may just be a set of comforting word and make no real difference in they life . 	in my view , however , there be nothing worse than to have to inform people that a ruling in they favour can only be a series of reassure word and have no practical effect on they existence . 	183
. -lrb- es -rrb- Mr President , enlargement be essential for the construction of a strong and united european continent . 	-lrb- es -rrb- Mr President , enlargement be essential for the construction of a strong and united european continent . 	184
either we be in a club or we be out of it and it be particularly important that we accept this . 	either we be part of the club , or we be not and we must therefore we bow to that decision . 	185
that be a shameful state of affair when we consider that the EU itself be a champion of modernised business practice . 	this be a disgrace when you think that the European Union raise a champion of the modernisation of economic life . 	186
that be what we have do : we have avoid a budgetary crisis by go to Article 272 ; the financial perspective have be maintain , even though we have use the flexibility instrument . 	it be what we do : we avoid a budgetary crisis while return in article 272 ; the financial perspective be maintain , even if we use the flexibility instrument . 	187
declaration must be follow by concrete step to trace , freeze , seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime . 	the declaration must be follow concrete action to identify , freeze , seize and confiscate the product of the crime . 	188
Mr President , lady and gentleman , I should like to say a few word on the joint resolution , which will , of course , be pass . 	Mr President , lady and gentleman , I would like to speak on the joint resolution that obviously we shall vote . 	189
I would urge the french Presidency to do they utmost to overcome this divide , because it be extremely destructive . 	I urge the french Presidency to should do everything in its power to bridge the gap particularly destructive . 	190
it be a matter of the utmost importance and yet have curiously attract very little public attention . 	the most urgent task , which be , however , have not yet a lively interest on the part of the public . 	191
I call on Prague to respond to this signal , this challenge , this plea for dialogue , to grant we request and to ensure , together with we House , that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consign to the past . 	I invite Prague to seize this sign , this invitation , this request for dialogue , to follow up and to ensure that , together with this House , these relique a era nationalist may be abandon . 	192
lastly , and most controversially , the committee strongly call for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation . 	finally , and this be something which be most controversial , the committee have call vehemently to use the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation . 	193
there be , of course , one crucial event , namely that a start have be make with category four and with look at way how we will deal with it , but it be not yet entirely clear whether we have manage to resolve this , partly because the Council refuse to have sufficient input in the attendant thought process . 	there be , of course , a very important point be the fact that we start in category four , with its approach , but we do not yet know very well if we manage to resolve the issue , not least because the Council do not wish to participate sufficiently in the reflection . 	194
therefore , I also believe that this reconciliation be sustainable , but that the government , which have very courageously find a solution to the university issue and to many other issue , need visible sign of its success , and powerful support , else peace throughout the region will be under threat . 	this be why I also think that this reconciliation can hold . however , the government , which very courageously find a solution with the question of the university and many other problem , need visible sign of the success as well as strong support , under penalty of see the peace threaten as a whole of the area . 	195
this be also the position advocate by the rapporteur , and it be share by the european people ' s Party . 	it be the position defend by the rapporteur and share by the european people 's Party . 	196
approval of the Minutes of the previous sit 	approval of the Minutes of the previous session 	197
-lrb- Parliament accept the oral amendment -rrb- 	-lrb- the House accept the oral amendment -rrb- 	198
thirdly , acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual country and for the EU as a whole basically depend - and Denmark demonstrate this - on dismantle the social and democratic deficit of european policy . 	thirdly , the acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the various country and the EU as a whole dependent -- the example of Denmark be there for we to show it -- elimination on social and democratic deficit for european policy . 	199
that be change in the face of criticism , especially from Ireland and France , and a different spin have now be put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer : it be now be portray as a user charge for all , include british lorry driver . 	face with the criticism , especially those in Ireland and France , the British Chancellor of the Exchequer , give a different interpretation : it be now a tax for all user , include the british driver of heavy goods vehicle . 	200
the resolution on Nice , vote today , do not reflect this . 	the resolution on the Nice Summit , which just do not . 	201
the only instance in which no tax be levy be when the supplier be in a non-eu country and the recipient be in a Member State of the EU . 	the only case for which no tax be still be EU be one of a - in the change from a third country . 	202
-lrb- the sit be suspend at 2.06 p.m. and resume at 3 p.m. -rrb- 	-lrb- the meeting , stop with 14:06 , be take again at 3 p.m. -rrb- 	203
I know that in France they have have whole herd slaughter and this do not seem to be the best way forward . 	I know that in France , the principle of demolition of the whole herd be apply and that do not seem the best means of fight this phenomenon . 	204
as long ago as 1996 the European Parliament come out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only . 	in 1996 , the European Parliament decide in favour of a ban on the use of meat and bone meal in the European Union , in accordance with the precautionary principle , if only we have listen to . 	206
knowledge of foreign language be accept as a necessary precursor to mobility . 	it be agree that the knowledge of foreign language be a necessary precondition for mobility . 	207
I also vote against a text which call for the incorporation of the Charter of fundamental rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice . 	I have also vote against a text which ask for the incorporation of the Charter of fundamental rights in the future Treaty which will be adopt at Nice . 	208
Spain have do a magnificent job in turn round the difficult neighbourly relation which Europe and North Africa and Spain and Morocco have suffer during the course of history . 	Spain have develop a remarkably positive way the difficult neighbourhood that have always exist between Europe and North Africa and between Spain and Morocco . 	209
the very worst situation be when the woman concern also come from distant country , have take the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continue to provide for themselves . 	the situation be worsen , when it come to woman distant country which have accept this work by necessity and which have no alternative to continue to meet they basic need . 	210
this be no time for the faint-hearted . 	that be not the time to take hesitant . 	211
the european Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiation and hence of the enlargement . 	the european Council will also discuss the progress of the accession negotiation , and therefore of enlargement . 	212
if we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deed , not merely word . 	if we want to help Indonesia , we must intervene now with money and concrete action , and not only with word . 	213
the Council of Europe , along with the Court of Human Rights , have a wealth of experience of such form of supervision , and we can build on these . 	just as the Court of human rights , the Council of Europe also have a solid experience in this regard such form of control and we can take as a basis . 	214
the other viewpoint illustrate by the rapporteur ' s initial statement and share by a number of member be to promote regulation and code of conduct which be need in order to establish among insurer way of organise cost on a mutual basis provide everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practice develop together with risk and client selection . 	the other point of view , illustrate by the comment by the rapporteur and a number of colleague , be to promote the regulation and code of conduct for dialogue , between a good supply of guarantee the provision of a good practice and to counter the risk of discriminatory practice and a series of risk and customer . 	215
finally , in a word , the fourth pillar devote to equal opportunity reinforce the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guideline . 	finally , in a word , the fourth pillar devote to equal opportunity reinforce the integrated approach of equality by gender mainstreaming and specific guideline . 	216
from the first discussion on this dossier , which be hold at european level at the initiative of the European Parliament , the Commission have give a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action design to develop what we might call a european police culture , ground in the highest standard of duty , respect for the rights and freedom of we citizen and efficiency in the fight against crime . 	since the first thought on this issue , which take place at european level on the initiative of the European Parliament , the Commission be commit to the Member States to promote action to develop what we could consider a european police culture , base on the highest standard in term of ethic , respect for citizen ' rights and freedom , and effectiveness in the fight against crime . 	217
it be this kind of future I would also like to see in the other country within the European Union . 	it be a policy of this type that I wish to other state of the European Union . 	218
Action be need quickly , which be why we decide to include this item on the agenda . 	there be urgency and that be why we decide to put this item on the agenda . 	219
Mr President , I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière ' s report , which I think be clearly word and well put together . 	Mr President , in my speech I shall focus on the report by Mrs LalumiÃšre report , which I think be well thought-out and clearly formulate . 	220
this be no time for the faint-hearted . 	this be not the time to be hesitant . 	221
do you think that the austrian model , i.e. bilateral majority resolution , will be use in future as a way of pass resolution which bypass the european institution and of form a new institution or a new group in order to circumvent unanimity in the Council ? 	do you think that the model of the '' - '' - namely the majority - will be in the future as a means of take in ignore the european institution and to a new institution , or a new Group , to be able to bypass the rule of unanimity in the Council ? 	222
this be we priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights be put into practice in we political decision . 	it be we priority fight so that the affirmation of fundamental rights be implement in political choice . 	223
it be this kind of future I would also like to see in the other country within the European Union . 	it be a evolution of this type which I wish in the other States of the European Union . 	224
those who stand apart from reinforce cooperation be really be give the same freedom as the back seat passenger in a car . 	those who refuse enhance cooperation enjoy the same freedom of movement that passenger in the back seat of a car . 	225
- my party have serious reservation about community law apply to the sale of consumer product , as against apply the concept of mutual recognition of standard . 	my party express serious reservation about the regulation of the sale of consumer product by means of Community legislation , as it make reservation about the concept of the mutual recognition of standard . 	226
it must genuinely be a centre for coordinate the network of national agency which , in turn , must activate and coordinate a network of centre of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual region . 	it must be true brain of coordination of the network of national agency which , in turn , will have to activate and coordinate a network of centre of excellence in food safety at regional level . 	227
approval of the Minutes of the previous sit 	approval of the Minutes of the previous sit 	228
a step in the right direction , for which the European Parliament have be strive for a long time now , be the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation . 	the creation of a Provisional Judicial Cooperation Unit be a step in the right direction , not to which the European Parliament be aim for a long time . 	229
Slovakia have not be condemn to the second division and it be logical that it should like to join together with the Czech Republic . 	Slovakia be not to remain in the second group and it be logical that it want to join the Union at the same time that the Czech Republic . 	230
in the last three week , progress have be make in three major area . 	in recent week , three significant progress have be make . 	231
when we be face with a potential risk , it be important to apply the precautionary principle . 	when we be face with a potential risk , it be important to put into practice the precautionary principle . 	232
we shall have to speak with just one disagreeable voice in the WTO . 	we will speak with one voice grace within the WTO . 	233
we welcome the arrangement propose in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopt by the General Assembly regard procedure for the registration of non-governmental organisation for involvement in the preparatory process and the special session in September 2001 . 	we be please with propose arrangement in this respect by the committee preparatory and decide by the General Assembly with regard to the mode of accreditation of the governmental organization , with the preparatory process and the extraordinary session of September 2001 . 	234
that be a shameful state of affair when we consider that the EU itself be a champion of modernised business practice . 	this be a disgrace when we think that the European Union present itself as the champion of the modernisation of economic life ! 	235
I think that France have set a excellent example by finally decide to take this step . 	I find exemplary that France will be resolve to take this step . 	236
-lrb- applause -rrb- 	I have already answer on this point and I support completely what he have say on the necessity of improve the public debate , and I will not go back on what I have say , but it be true that , all too often , the citizen feel the decision that be take in the authority that they do not know . 	237
on my own behalf and on behalf of my colleague in the Committee on Fisheries , I would ask you , Madam President , to send Parliament ' s condolence to the family of the victim and to the local authority in both Brittany and in Marín , Galicia , from where the majority of the victim come . 	Madam the President , I ask you , in the name of my colleague in the Committee on Fisheries and in my proper name , to send a message of sympathy on behalf of the Parliament to the family of the victim and to the local authority both of Brittany and of Marín , town of Galicia , from where be originate the majority in the victim . 	238
Mr President , we take a great deal of care over prepare the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens ' Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs . 	Mr President , the Committee on Citizens ' Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Internal Affairs have prepare with great care the Karamanou report . 	239
this be also the position advocate by the rapporteur , and it be share by the european people ' s Party . 	this be the position defend by the rapporteur and share by the european people 's Party . 	240
. -lrb- es -rrb- Mr President , enlargement be essential for the construction of a strong and united european continent . 	- -lrb- es -rrb- Mr President , enlargement be essential for the construction of a strong and unified european continent . 	241
Mr President , I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière ' s report , which I think be clearly word and well put together . 	Mr President , in my speech I shall focus on the report by Mrs Lalumière , report that I think it be well thought-out and clearly formulate . 	242
give this situation , there be a inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment . 	in view of these reality , the need for greater involvement and greater efficiency in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment be essential . 	243
as a matter of urgency , therefore , the staff complement of the Interdepartmental Group attach to the Commission Secretariat should be strengthen at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposal for act which be general in scope be accompany , when consider by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299 -lrb- 2 -rrb- , by a simplify sheet outline they potential impact . 	thus , it be urgent that manpower of the Interdepartmental Group be very quickly reinforce with the cur of the General Secretariat of the Commission , so that all the proposal of act of general scope can be accompany , during they examination by the college on basis of Article 299 , paragraph 2 , of a detailed impact statement . 	244
there be , of course , one crucial event , namely that a start have be make with category four and with look at way how we will deal with it , but it be not yet entirely clear whether we have manage to resolve this , partly because the Council refuse to have sufficient input in the attendant thought process . 	there be , of course , a very important point be the fact that we have begin the head four , with its approach , but we do not yet know very well if we manage to resolve the problem , particularly because the Council do not wish to participate enough food for thought . 	245
the french Presidency thanks you , Madam President , lady and gentleman , for this cooperation , for you support and also for the warm reception you have give we . 	for this cooperation , for you support and also for you reception , Madam President , lady and gentleman of the European Parliament , the french Presidency thanks you . 	246
firstly , simplification and clarification of the Treaties . 	first , that of a simplification and clarification of the Treaties . 	247
it must genuinely be a centre for coordinate the network of national agency which , in turn , must activate and coordinate a network of centre of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual region . 	it must be the real brain of coordination of the network of national agency which , in turn , will have to activate and coordinate a network of centre of excellence on food safety at regional level . 	248
Mr Gayssot , greek ship have sink without warning , when there be no storm in the vicinity . 	the greek ship have sink , without there be the slightest storm in its neck of the wood , Mr Gayssot . 	249
as there be still a lot of uncertainty , we must know what the scientific fact be and what action must be take . 	we need to know today , since we be still in uncertainty , which be the scientific datum , which be the measure to be take . 	251
give this situation , there be a inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment . 	vis-a-vis these reality , the need for a greater implication and a greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and the underdevelopment be essential . 	252
do you think that the austrian model , i.e. bilateral majority resolution , will be use in future as a way of pass resolution which bypass the european institution and of form a new institution or a new group in order to circumvent unanimity in the Council ? 	do you think that the austrian ` model ' - the majority decision to be take in future bilateral - it will be a instrument to take decision by ignore the european institution and to set up a new institution , or a new group , in order to get round the unanimity rule in the Council ? 	253
thirdly , acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual country and for the EU as a whole basically depend - and Denmark demonstrate this - on dismantle the social and democratic deficit of european policy . 	thirdly : the positive acceptance of enlargement and its prospects for the various country and the EU as a whole largely depend - the example of Denmark east there for we to show it - elimination on the social and democratic deficit for the european policy . 	254
those who stand apart from reinforce cooperation be really be give the same freedom as the back seat passenger in a car . 	those who reject reinforce cooperation enjoy the same freedom of movement that passenger back the seat of a car . 	255
the joint debate be close . 	the joint debate be close . 	256
the right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution be the define characteristic of a tyranny . 	the right to a government of arbitrarily its Constitution be the definition of a dictatorship . 	257
if we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deed , not merely word . 	if we want to help Indonesia , we must intervene now with money and concrete action , and not just with word . 	258
. -lrb- es -rrb- Mr President , enlargement be essential for the construction of a strong and united european continent . 	Mr President , enlargement be essential for the construction of a european continent strong and unite . 	260
the french Presidency thanks you , Madam President , lady and gentleman , for this cooperation , for you support and also for the warm reception you have give we . 	for this cooperation , for you support and for you kind welcome , Madam President , lady and gentleman , the french Presidency thank you . 	261
this rule can be apply equally to all recreational but dangerous drug when no one but the person consume the drug be likely to be affect . 	this rule can also apply to all récréationnelles but dangerous drug as far as the consumer of drug be the only one to risk . 	262
if we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deed , not merely word . 	if we want to help Indonesia , we now have to intervene with money and concrete action , and not only with word . 	263
the House have also fight , however , for the reduction of the fund available for innovative measure to be offset by means of resource from the flexibility instrument , a demand which be record in a declaration on the financial perspective in the Interinstitutional Agreement . 	this Parliament however also fight so that this reduction of the fund allocate with the innovative measure be compensate by the use of the framework of flexibilisation , define in a declaration on the financial perspective . 	264
at Feira , the Council consider those country participate in the Stabilisation and Association process as potential applicant for membership of the European Union . 	in Feira , he recognise the quality of potential candidate for accession to the country participate in the stabilisation and association process . 	265
the lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime law throughout the world be in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of put they right . 	the lesson which this Parliament in she debate of this morning must retain be that we be force to conclude that the maritime law be , all over the world , in a state of disorder , and that we must harness ourselves with the task to put order at it . 	266
approval of the Minutes of the previous sit 	approval of the official report of the previous sit 	267
thirdly , acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual country and for the EU as a whole basically depend - and Denmark demonstrate this - on dismantle the social and democratic deficit of european policy . 	thirdly : the acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the various country and for the EU as a whole depend -- the example of Denmark be there for we to show this - the elimination of social and democratic deficit of european policy . 	268
after all , it be by no means certain that the propose definition of equitable price be better than any other , because the various definition that be currently in use in the Member States be all perfectly satisfactory . 	indeed , there be absolutely no doubt that the definition of fair price that be propose be better than another , because the definition use in the Member States currently sufficient all amply . 	269
as a matter of urgency , therefore , the staff complement of the Interdepartmental Group attach to the Commission Secretariat should be strengthen at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposal for act which be general in scope be accompany , when consider by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299 -lrb- 2 -rrb- , by a simplify sheet outline they potential impact . 	thus , it be imperative that the inter-service Group be very quickly , of the Commission , so that all the proposal to act can be , during they examination by the force on the basis of Article 299 , paragraph 2 , a detailed impact . 	270
-lrb- the sit be suspend at 2.06 p.m. and resume at 3 p.m. -rrb- 	-lrb- the sit be suspend at 14h06 and resume at 3 p.m. -rrb- 	271
finally , I welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually . 	finally I accomodate the idea favorably to give we a annual appointment in order to take stock of the setting in uvre program . 	272
at Feira , the Council consider those country participate in the Stabilisation and Association process as potential applicant for membership of the European Union . 	in Feira , it have recognise the quality of potential candidate for accession to the country participate in the stabilisation and association process . 	273
Mr President , lady and gentleman , I should like to say a few word on the joint resolution , which will , of course , be pass . 	Mr President , lady and gentleman , I would like to speak on the joint resolution that we will obviously vote . 	274
and I be tell you loud and clear : Kostunica must be give he chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of week or month , but meanwhile , I do want the introduction of those two new budget line , democratisation and reconstruction , to be accompany by political condition , both from a political and budgetary perspective . 	and I say it very clearly to you : it be necessary to give its chance to Kostunica and I hope since it will take care of a amnesty during the week or of the month to come ; but meanwhile , I wish however that , on the political plan and the budgetary term , of the political condition be couple with the introduction of these two special budget heading , namely democratization and the rebuilding . 	275
we have start to exchange idea on this question , from which it have emerge that all the Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement . 	we start discussion on this issue , which show that all the Member States wish to maintain this ceiling after enlargement . 	276
let we , as a Europe of 15 Member States , organise ourselves in order to be able to welcome those country who be knock at the door into the fold under respectable condition . 	we must organise ourselves in fifteen Member States , to be able to welcome in good condition for the country which be knock on we door . 	277
thank you very much , Commissioner . 	thank you very much , Mister the Police chief . 	278
those who stand apart from reinforce cooperation be really be give the same freedom as the back seat passenger in a car . 	those who deny the enhance cooperation enjoy the same freedom of movement as passenger in the back seat of a car . 	279
the european Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiation and hence of the enlargement . 	the european Council will also be discuss the state of progress of accession negotiation , and therefore of enlargement . 	280
Mr President , the Commission ' s attitude to the right of access to document may be see from the internal handbook send on 11 October to employee of the Commission to tell they how to deal with request from mep for access to document . 	Mr President , we know the position of the Commission on public access to document in read the internal manual , which be submit , on 11 October , the Commission 's official in order to explain the way in which they be to deal with the request from the member regard access to document . 	281
the House have also fight , however , for the reduction of the fund available for innovative measure to be offset by means of resource from the flexibility instrument , a demand which be record in a declaration on the financial perspective in the Interinstitutional Agreement . 	this Parliament have , however , also fight for this reduction of fund for innovative action should be compensate for by the use of flexibility , define in a statement on the financial perspective . 	282
clearly , explanation be necessary for the increase incidence of BSE , not only in France but also in other Member States . 	we should obviously determine the reason of the increase incidence of the ESB , not only in France but also in other Member States . 	283
it must be respect and protect ' . 	it must be respect and protect . 	284
lastly , and most controversially , the committee strongly call for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation . 	finally , and this be a more controversial topic , the Committee have call with vigour to make use of the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation . 	285
declaration must be follow by concrete step to trace , freeze , seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime . 	the debate must be follow by concrete action to identify , freeze , seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime . 	286
on the other hand , we would like to be give a chance to prove to Europe that we be able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia on we own , by recognise the genuine principle of democracy . 	furthermore , we would have a chance to demonstrate to Europe that we be able to develop they own constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia , recognise the true democratic principle . 	288
that be what we have do : we have avoid a budgetary crisis by go to Article 272 ; the financial perspective have be maintain , even though we have use the flexibility instrument . 	that be what we have do : we have avoid a budgetary crisis by return to Article 272 ; the financial perspective have be maintain , even if we have use the flexibility instrument . 	289
this rule can be apply equally to all recreational but dangerous drug when no one but the person consume the drug be likely to be affect . 	this rule can , moreover , apply to all drug récréationnelles but dangerous provide that the consumer of drug be the only run the risk . 	290
finally , in a word , the fourth pillar devote to equal opportunity reinforce the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guideline . 	finally , in a word , the fourth pillar dedicate to equal opportunity reinforce the integrated approach of equality by gender mainstreaming and specific guideline . 	291
we shall have to speak with just one disagreeable voice in the WTO . 	we will speak with one voice disgracieuse within OMC . 	292
let we , as a Europe of 15 Member States , organise ourselves in order to be able to welcome those country who be knock at the door into the fold under respectable condition . 	let we organise itself to 15 in order to be able to welcome the right condition for country which be knock on we door . 	293
I should like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy , Mr Brok , for he clear , comprehensive report . 	I thank the rapporteur for the Committee on foreign Affairs , Mr Brok , for he clear and comprehensive report . 	294
above all , when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employee have a project , it should not need to provide 120 % loan guarantee in the form of land to receive financing ; it should also be possible for it to be fund on the basis of a good idea . 	above all , when a one-person business or a society with fewer than 250 employee have a project , it must be possible to receive financing not only to guarantee to 120 % , but merely on the basis of a good idea . 	295
-lrb- applause -rrb- 	I have already reply on this point and I entirely agree with what he have say about the need to improve considerably the public debate , and I will not repeat what I say , but it be true that , all too often , citizen feel alienate to decision that be take in the body that they do not know . 	296
. -lrb- es -rrb- Mr President , enlargement be essential for the construction of a strong and united european continent . 	- -lrb- es -rrb- Mr President , enlargement be essential for the construction of a strong and united continent of Europe . 	297
therefore , I also believe that this reconciliation be sustainable , but that the government , which have very courageously find a solution to the university issue and to many other issue , need visible sign of its success , and powerful support , else peace throughout the region will be under threat . 	this be why I also think that this reconciliation can hold . however , the government , which have very courageously find a solution to the question and to many other problem , need visible sign of success so that a strong support to the peace in the whole of the region . 	298
I should like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy , Mr Brok , for he clear , comprehensive report . 	I thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Mr Brok , on he clear and comprehensive report . 	299
but I would like to say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spend just 1 % of GDP and much of that be administer in the Member States . 	nevertheless I would wish to say to the Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact the fact that the European Union spend only 1 % of the gdp of the Member States and that the largest part of this money be manage in the Member States . 	300
you do not even intend to incorporate it into the Treaty , evidence indeed that this text , this exercise be always destine to be lay aside . 	you do not even want to incorporate into the Treaty , which prove that this text should be put to one side . 	301
I would urge the french Presidency to do they utmost to overcome this divide , because it be extremely destructive . 	I launch a urgent appeal with the french presidency so that it do all that be in its capacity to fill this particularly destroy ditch . 	302
we have hear that the previous Council Presidency first restructure and then scrap the Ministry for Equality . 	we have hear that the first and then the inequality of opportunity . 	303
on the contrary , the influence of the national democracy be be reduce by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament be be give more power . 	on the contrary , the influence of the national democracy decrease by limit always more the right of veto and to give always more capacity to the Parliament of the EU . 	304
lastly , and most controversially , the committee strongly call for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation . 	finally , and this be a more controversial subject , the Commission to make use of the procedure for the implementation of this legislation . 	305
firstly , simplification and clarification of the Treaties . 	First of all , the simplification and clarification of the Treaties . 	306
it be this kind of future I would also like to see in the other country within the European Union . 	this be of such a development that I hope the other Member States of the European Union . 	307
Mr President , I vote for the García-Margallo y Marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce . 	Mr President , I vote for the García-Margallo y Marfil report , which concern the taxation of service provide by electronic means . 	308
firstly , simplification and clarification of the Treaties . 	firstly , that of a simplification of the Treaties . 	309
thank you very much , Commissioner . 	thank you very much , Commissioner . 	310
therefore , I also believe that this reconciliation be sustainable , but that the government , which have very courageously find a solution to the university issue and to many other issue , need visible sign of its success , and powerful support , else peace throughout the region will be under threat . 	that be why I also believe that this reconciliation can have , however , the Government , which have very courageously a solution to the issue of university and many other problem , need visible sign of success as well as strong support , otherwise the threaten peace in the region as a whole . 	311
this be a vague area , and it be possible that more restrictive provision may also remain in force , and this be one point in respect of which we have table amendment . 	the thing be not clear on this point , and it be not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive provision . it be in particular on this point that we introduce amendment . 	312
I think that France have set a excellent example by finally decide to take this step . 	I think it be exemplary that France be resolve to take that step . 	313
Spain have do a magnificent job in turn round the difficult neighbourly relation which Europe and North Africa and Spain and Morocco have suffer during the course of history . 	Spain have develop a remarkably positive the difficult neighbourhood , which have always exist between Europe and North Africa and between Spain and Morocco . 	314
he will stand trial on 8 January on charge of have attend a meeting of the tunisian opposition in France , which he deny . 	it happen in trial on 8 January . he be accuse of have attend a meeting of tunisian opponent in France , which he deny . 	315
I should also have like the Court of auditor ' report to have be a little more user-friendly and to have provide a number of clear recommendation , for example one or two per chapter . 	I would also have like to see the report of the Court of auditor fusse a little more user-friendly and it would have put forward some clear recommendation - for example , one or two recommendation by chapter . 	316
these objective , the main one and the secondary one , will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposal submit by the Commission must be judge . 	these objective , the primary objective and secondary objective , will be the yardstick for judge the concrete proposal put forward by the Commission . 	317
the right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution be the define characteristic of a tyranny . 	the right for a government to remove arbitrarily its constitution be define characteristic of a tyranny . 	318
these objective , the main one and the secondary one , will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposal submit by the Commission must be judge . 	these objective , the secondary objective and objective , will represent the touchstone of enable we to consider the specific proposal present by the Commission . 	319
the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insist on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7 % . 	it be just that the Committee on legal Affairs of the refusal of a ceiling and in the maintenance of a minimum rate which can not be 7 % . 	320
we have start to exchange idea on this question , from which it have emerge that all the Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement . 	we have start to have exchange on this issue , where it emerge that all the Member States want the maintenance of this ceiling after enlargement . 	321
Mr Gayssot , greek ship have sink without warning , when there be no storm in the vicinity . 	greek vessel flow , without any storm in around , Mr Gayssot . 	322
let we , as a Europe of 15 Member States , organise ourselves in order to be able to welcome those country who be knock at the door into the fold under respectable condition . 	let we to organise ourselves fifteen to welcome in good condition to the country knock at we door . 	324
we shall have to speak with just one disagreeable voice in the WTO . 	we speak with a single voice language describe within the WTO . 	325
the french Presidency thanks you , Madam President , lady and gentleman , for this cooperation , for you support and also for the warm reception you have give we . 	for this cooperation , for you support and also for you reception , Madam President , lady and gentleman , Europe , the french Presidency would like to thank you . 	326
this be we priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights be put into practice in we political decision . 	this be we priority struggle for the affirmation of fundamental rights have find expression in political choice . 	327
I should also have like the Court of auditor ' report to have be a little more user-friendly and to have provide a number of clear recommendation , for example one or two per chapter . 	I would have also wish that the report of the Court of auditor be a little more convivial and that it have present some clear recommendation - for example , one or two recommendation per chapter . 	328
worst of all , I believe , be have to issue a warning that a court judgment in they favour may just be a set of comforting word and make no real difference in they life . 	in my view , however , there be nothing worse than have to warn people that a ruling in they favour could not have be a series of word réconfortants and do not have any consequence concrete on they existence . 	329
I find it rather odd that people be already try to tie the Commission 's hand in relation to the proposal for a directive , while at the same call on it to present a Green Paper on the current situation with regard to optional and supplementary health insurance scheme . 	I find a little strange to want as of now force the Commission with a motion for resolution and to ask he in the same time to establish one Green Paper on the current state of the voluntary insurance and the complementary health insurance . 	330
they will keep the pressure on , and they be strengthen they position with the revenue they be generate from deliver mail above 150 gram . 	they will continue to put pressure . the money that they earn with the distribution beyond the limit of 150 gram allow they to strengthen they position . 	331
I wonder if the Commissioner have plan any step in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider Kostunica to be the only lawfully elect representative of the serbian people , and the only partner with whom the European Union be involve as from today . 	I wonder whether the Commissioner already provide step which will show that we regard Kostunica as the legally elect representative of the serbian people and as the partner with which the European Union must now address . 	332
there have be a budget head for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programme for many year now . 	a budget line financing demining and prevention programme for year . 	333
reiterate the call make by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000 , what initiative do the Presidency of the european Council propose to take with a view to play a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the UN peace plan ? 	as request by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000 , that these initiative the presidency of the european Council be go to take to play a more active role in order to ensure the full implementation of the UN peace plan ? 	334
-lrb- applause -rrb- 	I have already reply on this point , and I entirely agree with what he have say on the need to improve considerably the public debate I will not go back to what I say , but it be true that , all too often , the citizen feel foreigner to decision that be take in the body that they do not know . 	335
people with the same business affair in common be peacefully bind to one another . 	the economic activity of link between the people . 	336
the other viewpoint illustrate by the rapporteur ' s initial statement and share by a number of member be to promote regulation and code of conduct which be need in order to establish among insurer way of organise cost on a mutual basis provide everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practice develop together with risk and client selection . 	the other point of view , illustrate by the original word of the rapporteur and share by many colleague , be to promote the regulation and the code of conduct need to establish , between insurer , form of mutual cost guarantee to all the provision of a good quality of care and to counter the risk of see develop discriminatory practice and a selection of risk and customer . 	337
whilst employment may be the European Union ' s priority policy , fishery , as another economic sector , can not remain on the sideline . 	if employment be the political priority of the Union , the fishing industry , as the economic sector , can not remain on the sideline . 	338
as a matter of urgency , therefore , the staff complement of the Interdepartmental Group attach to the Commission Secretariat should be strengthen at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposal for act which be general in scope be accompany , when consider by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299 -lrb- 2 -rrb- , by a simplify sheet outline they potential impact . 	thus , it be urgent that the inter-service group staff should be strengthen very quickly at the heart of the General Secretariat of the Commission , so that all proposal to act of general scope can be accompany , during they examination by the college on the basis of Article 299 -lrb- 2 -rrb- , a detailed impact statement . 	339
people with the same business affair in common be peacefully bind to one another . 	the common economic activity create peaceful link between people . 	340
the House have also fight , however , for the reduction of the fund available for innovative measure to be offset by means of resource from the flexibility instrument , a demand which be record in a declaration on the financial perspective in the Interinstitutional Agreement . 	this House but also fight so that this reduction in fund allocate to the innovative action be offset by the use of framework of flexibility , as define in a statement on the financial perspective . 	341
it be unlikely that the plan protection of the universal provision of service by means of a compensatory fund , as a result of which private profit be plough back into public service , will last . 	the safeguard of the universal service to the aid of a compensation fund which would make it possible to engage in private profit for the benefit of the public service will probably long . 	342
above all , when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employee have a project , it should not need to provide 120 % loan guarantee in the form of land to receive financing ; it should also be possible for it to be fund on the basis of a good idea . 	above all , when a company unipersonnelle or a company with fewer than 250 employee be a project , it must be possible to receive financing not only with a guarantee to 120 % , but also on the basis of a good idea . 	343
I should also have like the Court of auditor ' report to have be a little more user-friendly and to have provide a number of clear recommendation , for example one or two per chapter . 	I would also have like the report of the Court of auditor fusse somewhat more user-friendly and he see table a few clear recommendation - for example , one or two recommendation by chapter . 	344
finally , in a word , the fourth pillar devote to equal opportunity reinforce the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guideline . 	finally , in a word , the fourth pillar of the approach of the approach adopt by the gender mainstreaming and guideline . 	345
finally , in a word , the fourth pillar devote to equal opportunity reinforce the integrated approach to equality through gender mainstreaming and through specific guideline . 	lastly , in a word , the fourth pillar dedicate to the equal opportunity consolidate the integrated approach of the equality by the gender mainstreaming and specific guide line . 	346
in Nigeria , Chevron have be accuse by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigate violence against they and actually pay nigerian soldier to shoot protester at the Warri naval base . 	in Nigeria , the indigenous people all-ijaw accuse Chevron to incite violence against they and to pay nigerian soldier to draw on the demonstrator in the warri naval base . 	347
on the other hand , we would like to be give a chance to prove to Europe that we be able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia on we own , by recognise the genuine principle of democracy . 	furthermore , we would have a chance to demonstrate to Europe that we be able to develop only constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia , recognise the real democratic principle . 	348
it be a matter of the utmost importance and yet have curiously attract very little public attention . 	the task , which be essential , have not yet be a keen interest on the part of the public . 	349
Slovakia have not be condemn to the second division and it be logical that it should like to join together with the Czech Republic . 	Slovakia be not condemn to remain in the second group and it be logical that it want to join the Union at the same time as the Czech Republic . 	350
all those who be at present engage in illicit work would obtain work with decent social condition . 	all those who be currently work to obtain a undeclared employment in decent social condition . 	351
but I would like to say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spend just 1 % of GDP and much of that be administer in the Member States . 	but I would like to say to the House this afternoon that we must not lose sight of the fact that the European Union spend only 1 % of the gdp of the Member States and that the bulk of this money be administer in the Member States . 	352
Spain have do a magnificent job in turn round the difficult neighbourly relation which Europe and North Africa and Spain and Morocco have suffer during the course of history . 	Spain have develop in a way the positive extremely difficult neighbourhood that have always exist between Europe and North Africa and between Spain and Morocco . 	353
Mr President , I vote for the García-Margallo y Marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce . 	Mr President , I vote in favour of the report García-Margallo y Marfil , which concern the taxation of service provide by electronic means . 	354
as a matter of urgency , therefore , the staff complement of the Interdepartmental Group attach to the Commission Secretariat should be strengthen at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposal for act which be general in scope be accompany , when consider by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299 -lrb- 2 -rrb- , by a simplify sheet outline they potential impact . 	thus , it be urgent that the staff of the interservice group be very quickly strengthen at the heart of the secretariat of the committee , so that all the propose act of general scope can be accompany by the college in they discussion on the basis of Article 299 , paragraph 2 , a fiche d'impact detail . 	355
these objective , the main one and the secondary one , will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposal submit by the Commission must be judge . 	these objective , the overarching objective and secondary objective , represent the touchstone allow we to judge the concrete proposal present by the Commission . 	356
after all , it be by no means certain that the propose definition of equitable price be better than any other , because the various definition that be currently in use in the Member States be all perfectly satisfactory . 	in fact , it be by no means certain that the definition of fair price which be be propose be better than another , because the different definition currently use in the Member States all be quite adequate . 	357
. -lrb- es -rrb- Mr President , enlargement be essential for the construction of a strong and united european continent . 	. -lrb- es -rrb- Mr President , enlargement be essential for the construction of a strong and unified european continent . 	358
the UK Labour member of the PES Group welcome the adoption of they contribution to the ongoing work of the igc on reinforce cooperation , without endorse every single detail . 	- british labour member of the group of the Party of European Socialists welcome the welcome contribution to the continuous work of the igc on closer cooperation , without fully adhere to all the detail of it . 	359
therefore , I also believe that this reconciliation be sustainable , but that the government , which have very courageously find a solution to the university issue and to many other issue , need visible sign of its success , and powerful support , else peace throughout the region will be under threat . 	that be why I believe that this reconciliation can take . however , the government , which have very courageously find a solution to the issue of university and many other problem , need visible sign of success and a strong support , otherwise the threaten peace throughout the region . 	360
without doubt , it be better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it be true that , in this instance , the american proposal be a third-rate proposal , and one which be completely unacceptable to Europe . 	without doubt , worth it better not to have a agreement that will have a agreement that be wrong and , in this case , the american proposal be a watered-down proposal , unacceptable for Europe . 	361
we shall have to speak with just one disagreeable voice in the WTO . 	we speak with one voice disgracieuse within the WTO . 	362
we have start to exchange idea on this question , from which it have emerge that all the Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement . 	we start to have exchange on this question , from where it arise that all the Member States wish the maintenance of this ceiling after widen . 	363
if we define a clear , bind framework for the Member States , then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support system require to satisfy these requirement . 	if we create a clear framework and binding on the Member States , the different system to meet these requirement should have a longer period of put to the test . 	364
finally , I welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually . 	finally , I welcome the idea of give we a annual meeting in order to make a assessment of the implementation of the programme . 	365
in Nigeria , Chevron have be accuse by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigate violence against they and actually pay nigerian soldier to shoot protester at the Warri naval base . 	in Nigeria , the indigenous All-Ijaw accuse Chevron to encourage violence against they and to go as far as to pay nigerian soldier to draw on the demonstrator in the naval base of Warri . 	366
the aim of the annual review be to identify such potential improvement . 	the report aim to identify such improvement . 	367
we welcome the arrangement propose in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopt by the General Assembly regard procedure for the registration of non-governmental organisation for involvement in the preparatory process and the special session in September 2001 . 	we welcome the measure propose in this respect by the preparatory committee and decide by the General Assembly with regard to the system of accreditation of non-governmental organisation , with the preparatory process and the special session in September 2001 . 	368
Action be need quickly , which be why we decide to include this item on the agenda . 	it be a urgent matter and it be to this that we have to put this point to the order of the day . 	369
those who stand apart from reinforce cooperation be really be give the same freedom as the back seat passenger in a car . 	those which refuse the reinforce cooperation enjoy the same freedom of movement as the passenger of the back seat of a car . 	370
declaration must be follow by concrete step to trace , freeze , seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime . 	statement must be match by action to identify , freeze , seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime . 	371
the european Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiation and hence of the enlargement . 	the european Council will also discuss the progress of the negotiation of adhesion , and thus widen . 	372
as there be still a lot of uncertainty , we must know what the scientific fact be and what action must be take . 	we must be aware today , since we be still in uncertainty , what be the scientific datum , what be the measure to be take . 	373
the only instance in which no tax be levy be when the supplier be in a non-eu country and the recipient be in a Member State of the EU . 	the only case for which no tax be still perceive be that of a delivery in the European Community start from a third country . 	374
reiterate the call make by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000 , what initiative do the Presidency of the european Council propose to take with a view to play a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the UN peace plan ? 	as the European Parliament ask it in its resolution of March 16 , 2000 , that they initiative the presidency of the european Council do hope to take to play a more active part in order to guarantee the application full and whole peace plan of UNO ? 	375
this be a vague area , and it be possible that more restrictive provision may also remain in force , and this be one point in respect of which we have table amendment . 	thing be not clear on this point , and it be not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive provision . this be particularly on this point that we have table amendment . 	376
if we define a clear , bind framework for the Member States , then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support system require to satisfy these requirement . 	if we define a clear framework and constrain for the Member States , the various system have to satisfy these requirement should have more a long period of set with the test . 	377
the Council of Europe , along with the Court of Human Rights , have a wealth of experience of such form of supervision , and we can build on these . 	as the Court of Human Rights , the Council of Europe have also solid experience as regard such form of control . we can take as a basis . 	378
on my own behalf and on behalf of my colleague in the Committee on Fisheries , I would ask you , Madam President , to send Parliament ' s condolence to the family of the victim and to the local authority in both Brittany and in Marín , Galicia , from where the majority of the victim come . 	Madam President , I would ask you , on behalf of my colleague in the Committee on Fisheries and on my own behalf , to send a message of condolence from Parliament to the family of the victim and the local authority of both Brittany and MarÃn , city of Galicia , which most of the victim . 	379
at Feira , the Council consider those country participate in the Stabilisation and Association process as potential applicant for membership of the European Union . 	in Feira , he have recognise the quality of potential candidate for accession to the country participate in the stabilisation and association process . 	380
Spain have do a magnificent job in turn round the difficult neighbourly relation which Europe and North Africa and Spain and Morocco have suffer during the course of history . 	Spain have develop in a remarkably positive the difficult neighbourhood which always exist between Europe and North Africa and between Spain and Morocco . 	381
there be a urgent need , follow the recent attack on the greek minority in Himara , to promote democratisation measure and measure to strengthen institution and respect for human rights in Albania . 	the recent incident against the greek minority in Himara make it more imperative the need to promote measure for democratisation , strengthen the institution and respect for human rights in Albania . 	382
as a matter of urgency , therefore , the staff complement of the Interdepartmental Group attach to the Commission Secretariat should be strengthen at the earliest possible opportunity in order to ensure that all proposal for act which be general in scope be accompany , when consider by the College of Commissioners and on the basis of Article 299 -lrb- 2 -rrb- , by a simplify sheet outline they potential impact . 	thus , it be urgent that the staff of the interservice group be very quickly strengthen at the heart of the secretariat of the committee , so that all the propose act of general scope can be accompany , during they examination by the College on the basis of Article 299 -lrb- 2 -rrb- , a fiche d'impact detail . 	383
as there be still a lot of uncertainty , we must know what the scientific fact be and what action must be take . 	we need to know today , since we be still in uncertainty , what be the scientific datum , what be the measure to be take . 	384
it be a matter of the utmost importance and yet have curiously attract very little public attention . 	the task , which be capital , have not yet be a lively interest on the part of the public . 	385
I call on Prague to respond to this signal , this challenge , this plea for dialogue , to grant we request and to ensure , together with we House , that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consign to the past . 	I would urge Prague to seize this sign , this invitation , this request for dialogue , to follow they up , and to ensure that , together with this House , these relic of a nationalist era can be abandon . 	387
as there be still a lot of uncertainty , we must know what the scientific fact be and what action must be take . 	it be necessary to know today , since we be always in uncertainty , which be the scientific datum , which be the measure to be take . 	388
Mr President , the Commission ' s attitude to the right of access to document may be see from the internal handbook send on 11 October to employee of the Commission to tell they how to deal with request from mep for access to document . 	Mr President , we have to know the Commission 's position in relation to public access to document on read the internal Manuel which have be submit , on 11 October , to the Commission official in order to explain how they deal with the request of member regard access to document . 	389
Mr President , we take a great deal of care over prepare the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens ' Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs . 	Mr President , the Committee on Citizens ' Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Internal Affairs have prepare carefully the Karamanou report . 	390
I should like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy , Mr Brok , for he clear , comprehensive report . 	I would like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Mr Brok , for he clear and comprehensive report . 	391
whilst employment may be the European Union ' s priority policy , fishery , as another economic sector , can not remain on the sideline . 	if the employment be the policy of the Union , the Community , as a sector , can not remain on the sideline . 	392
this be a vague area , and it be possible that more restrictive provision may also remain in force , and this be one point in respect of which we have table amendment . 	thing be not clear on this point , and it be not impossible that we can also remain in force more restrictive provision , but particularly on this point that we have table amendment . 	393
the lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime law throughout the world be in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of put they right . 	the lesson for we within this House in its debate this morning be that we be force to conclude that the maritime law be in the world , in a state of control , and that we must get down to the task to put its house in order . 	394
we welcome the arrangement propose in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopt by the General Assembly regard procedure for the registration of non-governmental organisation for involvement in the preparatory process and the special session in September 2001 . 	we welcome the proposed provision in this respect by the preparatory committee and decide by the General Assembly as regard the method of accreditation non-governmental organisation , the preparatory process and the extraordinary session of September 2001 . 	395
at Feira , the Council consider those country participate in the Stabilisation and Association process as potential applicant for membership of the European Union . 	in Feira , he recognize the quality of potential candidate to adhesion with the country take part in the stabilisation process and of association . 	396
that be a shameful state of affair when we consider that the EU itself be a champion of modernised business practice . 	it be a disgrace when we think that the European Union raise champion of the modernisation of economic life ! 	397
I should also have like the Court of auditor ' report to have be a little more user-friendly and to have provide a number of clear recommendation , for example one or two per chapter . 	I would also have like to see the report of the Court of auditor be a little more user-friendly and that he have table a number of clear recommendation , for example , one or two recommendation by chapter . 	398
at Feira , the Council consider those country participate in the Stabilisation and Association process as potential applicant for membership of the European Union . 	in it , he have recognise the quality of potential candidate for membership in the country participate in the stabilisation and association process . 	399
while withdraw the resolution , however , I express the conviction that this Parliament would have make its voice hear better if , in anticipation of the Council of Nice , it have devote a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topic of the Intergovernmental Conference , instead of deal with they in a single resolution that also embrace all the other point on the Council agenda . 	by withdraw we resolution , I be nevertheless convince that we Parliament would have do better to its voice hear by spending , for the Council of Nice , a resolution specific and separate with so important and so difficult issue to the intergovernmental conference , rather than to deal with they in the context of a single resolution include also all the other item on the agenda of the Council . 	400
people with the same business affair in common be peacefully bind to one another . 	the common economic activity create peaceful link between the people . 	401
there be , of course , one crucial event , namely that a start have be make with category four and with look at way how we will deal with it , but it be not yet entirely clear whether we have manage to resolve this , partly because the Council refuse to have sufficient input in the attendant thought process . 	there be , of course , a very important point be the fact that we have start category four , with he approach , but we do not yet know very well if we manage to solve the problem , particularly because the Council do not wish to participate in the discussion . 	402
it be gratify that Parliament have succeed in produce a large majority in favour of more openness . 	it be gratify that Parliament have manage to gather a large majority in favour of greater transparency . 	403
the french Presidency thanks you , Madam President , lady and gentleman , for this cooperation , for you support and also for the warm reception you have give we . 	for this cooperation , for you support and also for you welcome , Madam President , lady and gentleman of the european institution , the french Presidency thank you . 	404
if we define a clear , bind framework for the Member States , then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support system require to satisfy these requirement . 	if we create a clear and binding framework for the Member States , the various system have to meet these requirement should have a longer period of put to the test . 	405
the resolution on Nice , vote today , do not reflect this . 	the resolution on the Nice Summit , which have just be adopt , do not reflect it . 	406
the very worst situation be when the woman concern also come from distant country , have take the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continue to provide for themselves . 	thing be get worse when it be a matter of woman from distant country which have accept this work by necessity and which have no alternative to continue to provide for they vital need . 	407
I know that in France they have have whole herd slaughter and this do not seem to be the best way forward . 	I know that in France , the principle of slaughter of the whole herd have be apply , and that this do not seem to be the best way to combat this phenomenon . 	408
unfortunately , the ultimate objective of a european Constitution would be precisely the opposite , and so , of course , we can not vote for it . 	unfortunately , the final objective of a european Constitution would be exactly the opposite and obviously we can not endorse it . 	409
finally , I welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually . 	finally , I welcome the idea of give we a annual meeting in order to take stock of the implementation of the programme . 	410
but I would like to say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spend just 1 % of GDP and much of that be administer in the Member States . 	nevertheless , I would like to say to the House this afternoon that we must not lose sight of the fact that the European Union spend only 1 % of the gdp of the Member States and that most of this money be manage in the Member States . 	411
-lrb- Parliament accept the oral amendment -rrb- 	-lrb- Parliament accept the oral amendment -rrb- 	412
that be what we have do : we have avoid a budgetary crisis by go to Article 272 ; the financial perspective have be maintain , even though we have use the flexibility instrument . 	that be what we have do : we avoid a budgetary crisis back to Article 272 , the financial perspective have be maintain , even if we use the flexibility instrument . 	413
Spain have do a magnificent job in turn round the difficult neighbourly relation which Europe and North Africa and Spain and Morocco have suffer during the course of history . 	Spain have develop a remarkably positive the difficult neighbourhood which have always exist between Europe and North Africa and between Spain and Morocco . 	414
from the first discussion on this dossier , which be hold at european level at the initiative of the European Parliament , the Commission have give a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action design to develop what we might call a european police culture , ground in the highest standard of duty , respect for the rights and freedom of we citizen and efficiency in the fight against crime . 	since the initial reflection on this issue , which take place at european level at the initiative of the European Parliament , the Commission be commit towards the Member States to promote action to develop what we could consider it as a police european culture , focus on the highest standard in the field of ethic , respect for the rights and freedom of the people , and effectiveness in the fight against crime . 	415
we welcome the arrangement propose in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopt by the General Assembly regard procedure for the registration of non-governmental organisation for involvement in the preparatory process and the special session in September 2001 . 	we welcome the proposed provision in this respect by the preparatory committee and decide by the general meeting with regard to the method of accreditation of non-governmental organisation , the preparatory process and to the special session in September 2001 . 	416
that be change in the face of criticism , especially from Ireland and France , and a different spin have now be put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer : it be now be portray as a user charge for all , include british lorry driver . 	vis-a-vis criticism , particularly those of Ireland and France , the British Chancellor of the Exchequer give a new interpretation of it : it would be now about a tax for all the user , include the british driver of heavy lorry . 	417
Mr President , we take a great deal of care over prepare the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens ' Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs . 	Mr President , the Committee on Citizens ' Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Internal Affairs have prepare very carefully the Karamanou report . 	418
there be a urgent need , follow the recent attack on the greek minority in Himara , to promote democratisation measure and measure to strengthen institution and respect for human rights in Albania . 	the recent incident against the greek minority in Himara make more imperative the need to promote measure to democratisation , the strengthening of institution and the respect for human rights in Albania . 	419
the resolution on Nice , vote today , do not reflect this . 	the resolution on the Nice Summit , which have just be adopt , do not reflect . 	420
people with the same business affair in common be peacefully bind to one another . 	the joint economic activity create peaceful link between people . 	421
the only instance in which no tax be levy be when the supplier be in a non-eu country and the recipient be in a Member State of the EU . 	the only case for which no tax be not yet see be one of supply in the European Community from a third country . 	422
but I would like to say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spend just 1 % of GDP and much of that be administer in the Member States . 	however , I would like to say to the House this afternoon that we must not lose sight of the fact that the European Union be spend that 1 % of GDP in the Member States and that most of this money be manage in the Member States . 	423
the right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution be the define characteristic of a tyranny . 	the right for a government to dismiss its Constitution arbitrarily be the define characteristic of a tyranny . 	424
this rule can be apply equally to all recreational but dangerous drug when no one but the person consume the drug be likely to be affect . 	this could also apply to all drug but dangerous insofar as the consumer of drug be the only to run risk . 	425
clearly , explanation be necessary for the increase incidence of BSE , not only in France but also in other Member States . 	it be obviously necessary to clarify the reason for the increase in the incidence of BSE , not only in France but also in other Member States . 	426
one could indeed wish for more and for improvement , but I honestly believe that we have make a good start . 	we can indeed wish more and better , but I think quite honestly that it be a good start . 	427
declaration must be follow by concrete step to trace , freeze , seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime . 	the statement must be follow by specific action to identify , freeze , seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime . 	428
I know that in France they have have whole herd slaughter and this do not seem to be the best way forward . 	I know that in France , the slaughter of whole herd principle be apply and that it do not seem to be the best way to combat this phenomenon . 	429
-lrb- the sit be suspend at 2.06 p.m. and resume at 3 p.m. -rrb- 	-lrb- the sit be suspend at , be resume at 3 p.m. -rrb- 	430
they will keep the pressure on , and they be strengthen they position with the revenue they be generate from deliver mail above 150 gram . 	they will continue to put pressure on the money they earn with distribution beyond the bound of 150 gram enable they to improve they position . 	431
I also vote against a text which call for the incorporation of the Charter of fundamental rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice . 	I also vote against a text which require the integration of the Charter of fundamental rights in the future Treaty which will be adopt in Nice . 	432
Mr President , lady and gentleman , I should like to say a few word on the joint resolution , which will , of course , be pass . 	Mr President , my dear colleague , I would like to intervene on the common resolution which of course we will . 	433
he will stand trial on 8 January on charge of have attend a meeting of the tunisian opposition in France , which he deny . 	it be on trial on 8 January . he be accuse of have participate in a meeting of tunisian opponent in France , which incidentally it exclude . 	434
I should like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy , Mr Brok , for he clear , comprehensive report . 	Mr President , the Commission ' s attitude to the right of access to document may be see from the internal handbook send on 11 October to employee of the Commission to tell they how to deal with request from mep for access to document . 	Mr President , we can hear the Commission 's position on public access to document from the internal manual , which be submit on 11 October , the Commission 's official in order to explain to they how to deal with the request of member as regard access to document . 	436
as long ago as 1996 the European Parliament come out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only . 	from 1996 , the European Parliament have declare itself in favour of a ban on the use of meat and bone meal in the European Union , in accordance with the precautionary principle - only if we have listen . 	437
I find it rather odd that people be already try to tie the Commission 's hand in relation to the proposal for a directive , while at the same call on it to present a Green Paper on the current situation with regard to optional and supplementary health insurance scheme . 	I find it a little strange to now force the Commission to a motion for a resolution and ask he at the same time to draw up a Green Paper on the current state of voluntary and insurance supplementary sickness insurance . 	438
do you think that the austrian model , i.e. bilateral majority resolution , will be use in future as a way of pass resolution which bypass the european institution and of form a new institution or a new group in order to circumvent unanimity in the Council ? 	do you believe that the austrian model '' ' -- namely bilateral majority decision-making - will in future a instrument to take decision by ignore the european institution and start a new institution , or a new group , to get round the unanimity rule in the Council ? 	439
knowledge of foreign language be accept as a necessary precursor to mobility . 	it be accept that the knowledge of language be a reference to the mobility . 	440
this be no time for the faint-hearted . 	it be not the time to be hesitant . 	441
the Council of Europe , along with the Court of Human Rights , have a wealth of experience of such form of supervision , and we can build on these . 	just as the Court of Human Rights , the Council of Europe also have a solid experience in term of such form of control . we can to base . 	442
this be a vague area , and it be possible that more restrictive provision may also remain in force , and this be one point in respect of which we have table amendment . 	it be not clear on this point , and it be not impossible that can also remain in force for more restrictive provision . this be particularly on this point that we have table amendment . 	443
the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insist on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7 % . 	it be right that the Committee on Legal Affairs persist in refuse a ceiling and a minimum rate which can not be below 7 % . 	444
the Council of Europe , along with the Court of Human Rights , have a wealth of experience of such form of supervision , and we can build on these . 	as the Court of Human Rights , the Council of Europe also have a solid experience with regard to such form of control we can take it as a basis . 	445
Mr President , the Commission ' s attitude to the right of access to document may be see from the internal handbook send on 11 October to employee of the Commission to tell they how to deal with request from mep for access to document . 	Mr President , we can not know the position of the Commission in the matter of public access to document in read the Commission have that have be postpone , on 11 October , the official of the Commission in order to explain the way in which they have to deal with the request in this regard access to document . 	446
if we define a clear , bind framework for the Member States , then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support system require to satisfy these requirement . 	if we define a clear framework and binding on the Member States , the different system to meet these requirement should have a longer period of be test . 	447
that make they heavily dependent on loan . 	a development which make capital borrow heavily dependent . 	448
therefore , I also believe that this reconciliation be sustainable , but that the government , which have very courageously find a solution to the university issue and to many other issue , need visible sign of its success , and powerful support , else peace throughout the region will be under threat . 	that be why I also believe that this reconciliation can take , and the government , which have very courageously find a solution to the issue of university and many other problem , need visible sign of success and a strong support , otherwise the peace threaten in the region as a whole . 	449
that be what we have do : we have avoid a budgetary crisis by go to Article 272 ; the financial perspective have be maintain , even though we have use the flexibility instrument . 	this be what we have do : we have a budget crisis in come to Article 272 ; the financial perspective have be maintain , even if we have use the flexibility instrument . 	450
give this situation , there be a inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment . 	face with these reality , the need for greater involvement and of greater efficiency in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment be essential . 	451
I know that in France they have have whole herd slaughter and this do not seem to be the best way forward . 	I know that in France , the principle of slaughter of the entire herd have be implement and that this do not seem to be the best way to combat this phenomenon . 	452
finally , I welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually . 	finally I welcome the idea of give we a annual meeting in order to make a assessment of the implementation of the programme . 	453
unfortunately , the ultimate objective of a european Constitution would be precisely the opposite , and so , of course , we can not vote for it . 	unfortunately the final objective of a european Constitution would be exactly opposite and obviously we can not approve it . 	454
a step in the right direction , for which the European Parliament have be strive for a long time now , be the creation of a provisional unit for judicial cooperation . 	the creation of a provisional judicial cooperation be a step in the right direction , which the European Parliament for a long time . 	455
the very worst situation be when the woman concern also come from distant country , have take the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continue to provide for themselves . 	the thing worsen when it be question of woman of distant country who accept this work by need and who do not have any other possibility to continue to provide for they vital need . 	456
if we define a clear , bind framework for the Member States , then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support system require to satisfy these requirement . 	if we define a clear and binding for the Member States , the different system to meet these requirement should have a longer period of put to the test . 	457
declaration must be follow by concrete step to trace , freeze , seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime . 	the statement must be match by action to identify , freeze , seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime . 	458
it be a matter of the utmost importance and yet have curiously attract very little public attention . 	the task , which be nevertheless capital , have not yet arouse great interest on the part of the public . 	459
either we be in a club or we be out of it and it be particularly important that we accept this . 	either we be part of the club , or we be not and we must therefore abide by this decision . 	460
let we , as a Europe of 15 Member States , organise ourselves in order to be able to welcome those country who be knock at the door into the fold under respectable condition . 	let we hold to fifteen in order to be able to welcome in the right condition which country knock at we door . 	461
that make they heavily dependent on loan . 	a development which have make the heavily dependent on capital borrow . 	462
I would urge the french Presidency to do they utmost to overcome this divide , because it be extremely destructive . 	I appeal urgently to the french Presidency to do everything in its power to fill that gap particularly destructive . 	463
we have hear that the previous Council Presidency first restructure and then scrap the Ministry for Equality . 	we have hear that the previous presidency be first restructure then dismantle the Ministry of equal opportunity . 	464
give this situation , there be a inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment . 	face with these , the necessity of a greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and be essential . 	465
in Nigeria , Chevron have be accuse by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigate violence against they and actually pay nigerian soldier to shoot protester at the Warri naval base . 	in Nigeria , the indigenous people all ijaw Chevron have accuse of encourage the violence against they and to go up to pay nigerian soldier to draw on the demonstrator at the naval base of Warri . 	466
I would urge the french Presidency to do they utmost to overcome this divide , because it be extremely destructive . 	I appeal urgently to the french Presidency to do everything in its power to fulfil this particularly destructive gap . 	467
there be a urgent need , follow the recent attack on the greek minority in Himara , to promote democratisation measure and measure to strengthen institution and respect for human rights in Albania . 	the recent incident against the greek minority in Himara make more imperative that measure to promote democratisation , strengthen the institution and respect for human rights in Albania . 	468
the labelling of beef that be agree on , which be a minimum form of labelling and only come into force two and a half month ago , do not make it possible for the origin of animal to be adequately trace , and we be very slow to ban specify risk material . 	the labelling of beef which have be decide , which be a minimum labelling and which have only be in force for two and a half month , do not make it possible to properly remind the origin of the animal and we ban very late specify risk material . 	469
the very worst situation be when the woman concern also come from distant country , have take the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continue to provide for themselves . 	thing worse when it come to woman 's distant country which accept this work by need and which have no other option to continue to provide for they vital need . 	470
on the other hand , we would like to be give a chance to prove to Europe that we be able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia on we own , by recognise the genuine principle of democracy . 	furthermore , we would like to have a chance to prove to the Europe that we be able to develop only the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro in Yugoslavia , recognise the genuine democratic principle . 	471
they will keep the pressure on , and they be strengthen they position with the revenue they be generate from deliver mail above 150 gram . 	they will continue to put pressure . the money they earn with the distribution beyond the limit of 150 gramme enable they to strengthen they position . 	472
I wonder if the Commissioner have plan any step in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider Kostunica to be the only lawfully elect representative of the serbian people , and the only partner with whom the European Union be involve as from today . 	I wonder whether the police chief envisage already stage which will make it possible to show that we regard Kostunica as the legally elect representative of serbian people and as the partner with whom the European Union will have henceforth to treat . 	473
Action be need quickly , which be why we decide to include this item on the agenda . 	it be urgent and it be for that reason that we have decide to put this item on the agenda . 	474
the resolution on Nice , vote today , do not reflect this . 	the resolution on the Nice Summit , which have just be vote , do not reflect it . 	475
on my own behalf and on behalf of my colleague in the Committee on Fisheries , I would ask you , Madam President , to send Parliament ' s condolence to the family of the victim and to the local authority in both Brittany and in Marín , Galicia , from where the majority of the victim come . 	Madam President , I would ask you , on behalf of my colleague in the Committee on Fisheries and on my own behalf , to send a message of condolence from Parliament to the family of the victim and the local authority of both Brittany Marín , that the city of Galicia , which be from most of the victim . 	476
worst of all , I believe , be have to issue a warning that a court judgment in they favour may just be a set of comforting word and make no real difference in they life . 	in my view , there be , however , nothing worse than have to warn people that a ruling for they could only be a series of word please and have no practical effect on they existence . 	477
the other viewpoint illustrate by the rapporteur ' s initial statement and share by a number of member be to promote regulation and code of conduct which be need in order to establish among insurer way of organise cost on a mutual basis provide everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practice develop together with risk and client selection . 	the other point of view , illustrate by the original subject of the rapporteur and share by many colleague , be to promote the regulation and code of conduct to be find , between insurer , the form of mutual cost guarantee to all the supply of good quality care and to counter the risk to see develop discriminatory practice and a selection of risk and customer . 	478
that be change in the face of criticism , especially from Ireland and France , and a different spin have now be put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer : it be now be portray as a user charge for all , include british lorry driver . 	criticism , especially those of Ireland and France , the Chancellor of the Exchequer have give a new interpretation : it be now a tax for all user , include the british lorry driver . 	479
one could indeed wish for more and for improvement , but I honestly believe that we have make a good start . 	we can indeed wish more and better , but I quite honestly believe that it be a good start . 	480
the aim of the annual review be to identify such potential improvement . 	the annual report be to identify such potential improvement . 	482
you do not even intend to incorporate it into the Treaty , evidence indeed that this text , this exercise be always destine to be lay aside . 	you do not want to even integrate it in the Treaty , which prove that this text be to be put on side . 	483
this be we priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights be put into practice in we political decision . 	this be we priority for the affirmation of fundamental rights to be implement in political choice . 	484
let we , as a Europe of 15 Member States , organise ourselves in order to be able to welcome those country who be knock at the door into the fold under respectable condition . 	let we , here in order to be able to welcome in good condition the country that be knock at we door . 	485
either we be in a club or we be out of it and it be particularly important that we accept this . 	either we be part of the club , we be not and we must , therefore , we have to comply with this . 	486
I wonder if the Commissioner have plan any step in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider Kostunica to be the only lawfully elect representative of the serbian people , and the only partner with whom the European Union be involve as from today . 	I wonder whether the Commissioner already provide for step to show that we regard Kostunica as the legally elect representative of the serbian people and as a partner with which the European Union must now address . 	487
we have start to exchange idea on this question , from which it have emerge that all the Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement . 	we have start to have exchange on this issue , it emerge that all the Member States wish to the maintenance of this ceiling after enlargement . 	488
they will keep the pressure on , and they be strengthen they position with the revenue they be generate from deliver mail above 150 gram . 	they continue to put the pressure that they earn . money with the distribution of the limit of 150 gramme allow they to strengthen they position . 	489
from the first discussion on this dossier , which be hold at european level at the initiative of the European Parliament , the Commission have give a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action design to develop what we might call a european police culture , ground in the highest standard of duty , respect for the rights and freedom of we citizen and efficiency in the fight against crime . 	since the first thought on this issue , which be hold at european level on the initiative of the European Parliament , the Commission be commit to Member States to promote a action intend to develop what we could consider a european police culture , focus on the highest standard in term of ethic , human rights and freedom , and efficiency in the fight against crime . 	490
from the first discussion on this dossier , which be hold at european level at the initiative of the European Parliament , the Commission have give a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action design to develop what we might call a european police culture , ground in the highest standard of duty , respect for the rights and freedom of we citizen and efficiency in the fight against crime . 	since the first reflexion on this file , which take place at the european level on the initiative of the European Parliament , the Commission commit itself with respect to the Member States promote a action intend to develop what we could regard as a european police culture , center on the highest standard as regard deontology , of respect for the rights and freedom of the citizen , and of effectiveness in the fight against crime . 	491
all those who be at present engage in illicit work would obtain work with decent social condition . 	all those who be currently work on the black would get job under decent social condition . 	492
Mr President , I vote for the García-Margallo y Marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce . 	Mr President , I vote in favour of the Garcia-Margallo y Marfil report , which concern the taxation of service provide electronically . 	493
Mr President , the Commission ' s attitude to the right of access to document may be see from the internal handbook send on 11 October to employee of the Commission to tell they how to deal with request from mep for access to document . 	Mr President , we know the position of the Commission on public access to document in the internal manual , which be submit on 11 October , the Commission 's official in order to explain how to handle application by member as regard access to document . 	494
this rule can be apply equally to all recreational but dangerous drug when no one but the person consume the drug be likely to be affect . 	this rule can apply besides to all récréationnelles but dangerous drug in so far as the consumer of drug be the only one to run risk . 	495
I think that France have set a excellent example by finally decide to take this step . 	I find exemplary that France will be to take this step . 	496
secondly , say no to the big bang idea of incorporate candidate country simultaneously as a large group , since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admit on its own merit . 	secondly , it be necessary to say `` not '' to the concept big-bang which would like that one admit at the same time a major group of country , because that would be in conflict with the principle of the admission of each country accord to its merit . 	497
lastly , and most controversially , the committee strongly call for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation . 	lastly , and it be there a subject more discuss , the commission invite with strength to make use of the procedure accelerate to put in uvre this legislation . 	498
it be unlikely that the plan protection of the universal provision of service by means of a compensatory fund , as a result of which private profit be plough back into public service , will last . 	the safeguard of the universal service with compensation fund which would make it possible to initiate private profit for the benefit of the public service will probably failure . 	499
the House have also fight , however , for the reduction of the fund available for innovative measure to be offset by means of resource from the flexibility instrument , a demand which be record in a declaration on the financial perspective in the Interinstitutional Agreement . 	this Parliament have , however , also for this fund action by the use of framework , define in a statement on the financial perspective . 	500
above all , when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employee have a project , it should not need to provide 120 % loan guarantee in the form of land to receive financing ; it should also be possible for it to be fund on the basis of a good idea . 	above all , when a company unipersonnelle or a society with fewer than 250 employee have a project , it must be possible to benefit from fund not only with a guarantee to 120 % , but also on the basis of a simple idea : 	501
-lrb- Parliament accept the oral amendment -rrb- 	-lrb- the Parliament accept the oral amendment -rrb- 	502
on the other hand , we would like to be give a chance to prove to Europe that we be able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia on we own , by recognise the genuine principle of democracy . 	in addition , we would like to be likely to prove in Europe which we be able to develop only the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia , by recognize the true democratic principle . 	503
and I be tell you loud and clear : Kostunica must be give he chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of week or month , but meanwhile , I do want the introduction of those two new budget line , democratisation and reconstruction , to be accompany by political condition , both from a political and budgetary perspective . 	and I would say to you very clearly : it must be give a chance to Kostunica , and I therefore hope that it will provide a amnesty over the come week or month ; but in the meantime , I hope , however , that , in political term and in budgetary term , the political condition be link to the introduction of these two new budget line , namely democratisation and reconstruction . 	504
there have be a budget head for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programme for many year now . 	a budget line have programme to de-mining and prevention for year . 	505
we welcome the arrangement propose in this respect by the Preparatory Committee and adopt by the General Assembly regard procedure for the registration of non-governmental organisation for involvement in the preparatory process and the special session in September 2001 . 	we congratulate the provision propose in this respect by the Committee and by the general assembly of the United Nations with regard to the method of non-governmental organisation , and the extraordinary session of September 2001 . 	506
I think that France have set a excellent example by finally decide to take this step . 	I find exemplary that France have resolve to take that step . 	507
while withdraw the resolution , however , I express the conviction that this Parliament would have make its voice hear better if , in anticipation of the Council of Nice , it have devote a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topic of the Intergovernmental Conference , instead of deal with they in a single resolution that also embrace all the other point on the Council agenda . 	by withdraw we resolution , I be nonetheless convince that we Parliament would have do better in devote its voice to the nice european Council , a specific resolution and separate issue so important and so difficult to the intergovernmental conference , rather than to deal with they in the context of a single resolution include also all the other item on the agenda of the Council . 	508
as long ago as 1996 the European Parliament come out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only . 	in 1996 , the European Parliament be in favour of a ban on the use of meat meal in the European Union , in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only we have listen to . 	509
we shall have to speak with just one disagreeable voice in the WTO . 	we shall talk with one voice disgracieuse within the WTO . 	510
the labelling of beef that be agree on , which be a minimum form of labelling and only come into force two and a half month ago , do not make it possible for the origin of animal to be adequately trace , and we be very slow to ban specify risk material . 	the labelling of beef which have be decide , which be a minimum labelling and which have only be in force for two and a half month ago , do not make it possible to trace the origin of animal properly very late and have ban the specify risk material . 	511
without doubt , it be better to have no agreement at all than a poor one and it be true that , in this instance , the american proposal be a third-rate proposal , and one which be completely unacceptable to Europe . 	without doubt , just better to have no agreement than have a agreement that be wrong and , in this case , the US proposal be a watered-down proposal , which be totally unacceptable for Europe . 	512
knowledge of foreign language be accept as a necessary precursor to mobility . 	it be allow that the knowledge of foreign language be a necessary precondition with mobility . 	513
worst of all , I believe , be have to issue a warning that a court judgment in they favour may just be a set of comforting word and make no real difference in they life . 	in my view , there be , however , nothing worse than to have to warn the people a ruling in they favour could be a series of reassure word and have no concrete result on they existence . 	514
either we be in a club or we be out of it and it be particularly important that we accept this . 	either we belong to the club , or we be not and we must therefore be pack with this decision . 	515
it be unlikely that the plan protection of the universal provision of service by means of a compensatory fund , as a result of which private profit be plough back into public service , will last . 	the preservation of the universal service with a compensation fund which would make it possible to initiate private benefit for the benefit of the public service will probably long fire . 	516
the UK Labour member of the PES Group welcome the adoption of they contribution to the ongoing work of the igc on reinforce cooperation , without endorse every single detail . 	. the british labour member of the PSE Group welcome the support give to the contribution to the work of the igc on closer cooperation , without adhere entirely with all the detail of this . 	517
Mr President , I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière ' s report , which I think be clearly word and well put together . 	Mr President , I shall concentrate in my speech on the report by Mrs Lalumière report , that I find well thought-out and clearly formulate . 	518
it be gratify that Parliament have succeed in produce a large majority in favour of more openness . 	we should be please that Parliament have succeed in bring together a large majority in favour of greater transparency . 	519
that make they heavily dependent on loan . 	a development which make they dependent on the borrow capital . 	520
there have be a budget head for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programme for many year now . 	a budget line have programme for mine clearance and prevention for year . 	521
this be a vague area , and it be possible that more restrictive provision may also remain in force , and this be one point in respect of which we have table amendment . 	thing be not clear on this point , and it be not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive measure , and that be particularly on this point that we have table amendment . 	522
this be also the position advocate by the rapporteur , and it be share by the european people ' s Party . 	this be the position defend by the rapporteur and by the popular Party . 	523
- my party have serious reservation about community law apply to the sale of consumer product , as against apply the concept of mutual recognition of standard . 	my Party to serious and about the rule of the sale of consumer product by means of the Community , just as it set about the concept of mutual recognition of standard . 	524
that make they heavily dependent on loan . 	a development which make highly dependent on capital borrow . 	525
it be gratify that Parliament have succeed in produce a large majority in favour of more openness . 	it be necessary to be delighted that the Parliament succeed in gather a broad majority in favour of a greater transparency . 	526
that be change in the face of criticism , especially from Ireland and France , and a different spin have now be put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer : it be now be portray as a user charge for all , include british lorry driver . 	in view of the criticism , especially those in Ireland and France , the Chancellor of the Exchequer have give a new interpretation : it be now a tax for all user , include the british lorry driver . 	527
the lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime law throughout the world be in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of put they right . 	the lesson that must keep this assembly in its debate of this morning be that we be force to conclude that the maritime law be , all over the world , in a state of mess , and that we should get down to the task to put in order . 	528
all those who be at present engage in illicit work would obtain work with decent social condition . 	all those who be currently work on the black market to obtain a employment in decent social condition . 	529
on the other hand , we would like to be give a chance to prove to Europe that we be able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia on we own , by recognise the genuine principle of democracy . 	in addition , we would like to have a chance to prove to the Europe that we be in a position to alone the cause of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia , while recognize the principle . 	530
Mr President , I vote for the García-Margallo y Marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce . 	Mr President , I vote in favour of the Garcia-Margallo y Marfil report , which deal with the taxation of service provide electronically . 	531
thirdly , acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual country and for the EU as a whole basically depend - and Denmark demonstrate this - on dismantle the social and democratic deficit of european policy . 	thirdly , the acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the different country and for the EU as a whole - depend on the example of Denmark be for we to show - largely of the elimination of social and democratic deficit in european policy . 	532
Mr President , the Commission ' s attitude to the right of access to document may be see from the internal handbook send on 11 October to employee of the Commission to tell they how to deal with request from mep for access to document . 	Mr. President , we can know the position of the Commission as regard access to public document by read the internal handbook which be give , on October 11 , with the Commission official in order to explain the way to they in which they be to treat the request emanate of the deputy with regard to the access to the document . 	533
the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insist on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7 % . 	it be right that the Committee on Legal Affairs persist in refuse a ceiling and the maintenance of a minimum rate which can not be less than 7 % . 	534
it be unlikely that the plan protection of the universal provision of service by means of a compensatory fund , as a result of which private profit be plough back into public service , will last . 	the maintenance of the universal service means of a compensation fund which could initiate private profit for the benefit of the public service will probably deal fire . 	535
thirdly , acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual country and for the EU as a whole basically depend - and Denmark demonstrate this - on dismantle the social and democratic deficit of european policy . 	thirdly : the acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the various country and for the EU as a whole depend - the example of Denmark be here to show this - largely to the elimination of social and democratic deficit in european policy . 	536
Mr President , we take a great deal of care over prepare the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens ' Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs . 	there be a urgent need , follow the recent attack on the greek minority in Himara , to promote democratisation measure and measure to strengthen institution and respect for human rights in Albania . 	the recent incident against the greek imperative more the need to promote measure , of strengthen the institution and the respect of human rights in Albania . 	538
worst of all , I believe , be have to issue a warning that a court judgment in they favour may just be a set of comforting word and make no real difference in they life . 	in my eye , there be however nothing worse than to have to inform people that a judgment deliver in they favour could be only one series of comforting word and not to have any practical consequence on they existence . 	539
while withdraw the resolution , however , I express the conviction that this Parliament would have make its voice hear better if , in anticipation of the Council of Nice , it have devote a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topic of the Intergovernmental Conference , instead of deal with they in a single resolution that also embrace all the other point on the Council agenda . 	in withdraw we resolution , I be , however , convinced that we Parliament would have make its voice hear in dedicate , in view of the Nice Council , a resolution and traditional so important and so difficult to the intergovernmental conference , rather than to deal in the framework of a single resolution include also all the other point of the agenda of the Council . 	540
-lrb- applause -rrb- 	I have already reply on this point , and I entirely agree with what he have say about the need to improve considerably the public debate . I will not repeat what I say , but it be true that , all too often , citizen feel alienate to decision that be take in the body that they do not know . 	541
in the last three week , progress have be make in three major area . 	these week , three important have be achieve . 	542
the french Presidency thanks you , Madam President , lady and gentleman , for this cooperation , for you support and also for the warm reception you have give we . 	for this co-operation , for you support and also for you reception , Madam the President , Mesdames and the european Deputies , the french presidency thanks you . 	543
Mr President , I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière ' s report , which I think be clearly word and well put together . 	Mr President , I shall concentrate in my speech on the report by Mrs Lalumière , report that I find well and clearly . 	544
Mr Gayssot , greek ship have sink without warning , when there be no storm in the vicinity . 	greek ship run , without there be the least storm in trimming , Mr Gayssot . 	545
there be a urgent need , follow the recent attack on the greek minority in Himara , to promote democratisation measure and measure to strengthen institution and respect for human rights in Albania . 	the recent incident against the greek minority of Himara more imperative the need to promote measure of democratisation , strengthening of the institution and respect for human rights in Albania . 	546
from the first discussion on this dossier , which be hold at european level at the initiative of the European Parliament , the Commission have give a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action design to develop what we might call a european police culture , ground in the highest standard of duty , respect for the rights and freedom of we citizen and efficiency in the fight against crime . 	since the first thought on this issue , which take place at european level on the initiative of the European Parliament , the Commission be commit to the Member States to promote action to develop what we might regard as a european police culture , base on the highest standard in the field of ethic , respect for the rights and freedom of the citizen , and effectiveness in the fight against crime . 	547
let we , as a Europe of 15 Member States , organise ourselves in order to be able to welcome those country who be knock at the door into the fold under respectable condition . 	let we organise ourselves in fifteen in order to be able to welcome in the country that be knock at we door . 	548
this be also the position advocate by the rapporteur , and it be share by the european people ' s Party . 	that be the position advocate by the rapporteur and support by the european people 's Party . 	549
it be gratify that Parliament have succeed in produce a large majority in favour of more openness . 	it should be delighted that the Parliament together a broad majority in favour of greater transparency . 	550
knowledge of foreign language be accept as a necessary precursor to mobility . 	it be accept that knowledge of foreign language be a necessary precondition to mobility . 	551
I find it rather odd that people be already try to tie the Commission 's hand in relation to the proposal for a directive , while at the same call on it to present a Green Paper on the current situation with regard to optional and supplementary health insurance scheme . 	I find it a little strange to want as of now force the Commission to a motion for a resolution and to ask he at the same time to draw up a Green Paper on the current state of voluntary insurance and supplementary sickness insurance . 	552
but I would like to say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spend just 1 % of GDP and much of that be administer in the Member States . 	however , I would like to say to the House this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the European Union spend only 1 % of gdp of the Member States and that most of this money be manage in the Member States . 	553
on the other hand , we would like to be give a chance to prove to Europe that we be able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia on we own , by recognise the genuine principle of democracy . 	furthermore , we would like to be able to demonstrate in Europe which we be able to develop only the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia , recognise the true democratic principle . 	554
after all , it be by no means certain that the propose definition of equitable price be better than any other , because the various definition that be currently in use in the Member States be all perfectly satisfactory . 	indeed , it be absolutely not certain only the definition of fair price which be propose be better than another , because the various definition use currently in the Member States be enough all amply . 	555
the right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution be the define characteristic of a tyranny . 	the right to a government to remove arbitrarily its Constitution be the define characteristic of a tyranny . 	556
I also vote against a text which call for the incorporation of the Charter of fundamental rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice . 	I have also vote against a text that call for the incorporation of the Charter of fundamental rights in the future Treaty to be adopt in Nice . 	557
this be a vague area , and it be possible that more restrictive provision may also remain in force , and this be one point in respect of which we have table amendment . 	thing be not clear on this point , and it be not impossible that can also remain in force more restrictive measure , which be particularly on this point that we have table amendment . 	558
do you think that the austrian model , i.e. bilateral majority resolution , will be use in future as a way of pass resolution which bypass the european institution and of form a new institution or a new group in order to circumvent unanimity in the Council ? 	do you think that the `` austrian '' model - namely decision make majority bilateral - will in the future constitute a instrument make it possible to make decision by be unaware of the european institution and to find a new institution , or a new group , to be able to circumvent the rule of unanimity within the Council ? 	559
it be unlikely that the plan protection of the universal provision of service by means of a compensatory fund , as a result of which private profit be plough back into public service , will last . 	the safeguard of the universal service use compensation fund which would make it possible to engage of the private profit to the profit of the public service will probably make failure . 	560
thirdly , acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual country and for the EU as a whole basically depend - and Denmark demonstrate this - on dismantle the social and democratic deficit of european policy . 	thirdly : the approval of the enlargement and its positive prospects for the different country and for the EU as a whole and - the example of Denmark be for we to the point - matter of the social and economic policy . 	561
that be a shameful state of affair when we consider that the EU itself be a champion of modernised business practice . 	it be a shame when they believe that the European Union present itself as the champion of the modernisation of the life ! 	562
- my party have serious reservation about community law apply to the sale of consumer product , as against apply the concept of mutual recognition of standard . 	my Party express serious reservation about the regulation of the sale of consumer goods by means of Community legislation , as it make reservation about the concept of mutual recognition of standard . 	563
on my own behalf and on behalf of my colleague in the Committee on Fisheries , I would ask you , Madam President , to send Parliament ' s condolence to the family of the victim and to the local authority in both Brittany and in Marín , Galicia , from where the majority of the victim come . 	Madam President , I ask you , on behalf of my colleague of the Commission and on my own behalf , to send a message from Parliament to the family of the victim and the local authority of both of city of Galicia , where they be in the majority of victim . 	564
I call on Prague to respond to this signal , this challenge , this plea for dialogue , to grant we request and to ensure , together with we House , that this legacy of a nationalist era can be consign to the past . 	I urge that to seize this motion , this invitation , this request of dialogue , to give further and to make sure that , together with this assembly , these relic of a nationalist might be . 	565
Mr Gayssot , greek ship have sink without warning , when there be no storm in the vicinity . 	ship greek have sink , without that there be the slightest storm in the exist , Mr Gayssot . 	566
people with the same business affair in common be peacefully bind to one another . 	the common economic activity create peaceful bond between the people . 	567
secondly , say no to the big bang idea of incorporate candidate country simultaneously as a large group , since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admit on its own merit . 	secondly , it be necessary to say `` no '' to the concept to accept at the same time a important group of country , because this would be in contradiction with the principle of the admission of each country accord to its merit . 	568
let we , as a Europe of 15 Member States , organise ourselves in order to be able to welcome those country who be knock at the door into the fold under respectable condition . 	let we can organize itself to fifteen in order to be able to accomodate under right condition the country which strike with we door . 	569
the aim of the annual review be to identify such potential improvement . 	the annual report aim to identify potential such improvement . 	570
this be we priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights be put into practice in we political decision . 	this be we struggle for priority that the affirmation of fundamental rights to be implement in political choice . 	571
I also vote against a text which call for the incorporation of the Charter of fundamental rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice . 	I have also vote against a text which call for the incorporation of the Charter of fundamental rights into the future Treaty which will be adopt in Nice . 	572
secondly , say no to the big bang idea of incorporate candidate country simultaneously as a large group , since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admit on its own merit . 	secondly , we must say ` no ' to the concept which bang would admit that at the same time a important group of country , because that would be at odds with the principle of the admission of each country on its merit . 	573
the UK Labour member of the PES Group welcome the adoption of they contribution to the ongoing work of the igc on reinforce cooperation , without endorse every single detail . 	. the british labour member of the group of the Party of European Socialists welcome the support give to the contribution they have make to the work of the igc on closer cooperation , without adhering fully to all the detail of it . 	574
on the contrary , the influence of the national democracy be be reduce by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament be be give more power . 	on the contrary , the influence of the national democracy fall into force by the further restriction of the right of veto and to increase the power of Parliament to the EU . 	575
the resolution on Nice , vote today , do not reflect this . 	the resolution about the Summit of Nice , which have just be vote , do not reflect it . 	576
this be no time for the faint-hearted . 	this be not the time to show . 	577
firstly , simplification and clarification of the Treaties . 	initially , that of a simplification and a clarification of the Treaties . 	578
as there be still a lot of uncertainty , we must know what the scientific fact be and what action must be take . 	we need to know today , since we be still in uncertainty , what be the scientific datum , what measure be to be take . 	579
on the contrary , the influence of the national democracy be be reduce by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament be be give more power . 	on the contrary , the power of the national democracy be be reduce by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament be be give more power . 	580
the UK Labour member of the PES Group welcome the adoption of they contribution to the ongoing work of the igc on reinforce cooperation , without endorse every single detail . 	-lrb- it -rrb- the british labour member of the group of the Party of European Socialists be very welcome to the contribution that they have continuous work of the igc on the cooperation , without all the detail of this . 	581
Spain have do a magnificent job in turn round the difficult neighbourly relation which Europe and North Africa and Spain and Morocco have suffer during the course of history . 	Spain develop in a remarkably positive way the difficult vicinity which always exist between Europe and North Africa and between Spain and Morocco . 	582
secondly , say no to the big bang idea of incorporate candidate country simultaneously as a large group , since that would militate against the principle that each country should be admit on its own merit . 	secondly , we must say ` no ' to the concept bang who would like to see the same time admit a large group of country , because that would be in contradiction with the principle of the admission of each country accord to its merit . 	583
there be , of course , one crucial event , namely that a start have be make with category four and with look at way how we will deal with it , but it be not yet entirely clear whether we have manage to resolve this , partly because the Council refuse to have sufficient input in the attendant thought process . 	there be , of course , a very important point , it be the fact that we start the head four , with its approach , but we do not know yet very well if we manage to solve the problem , in particular because the Council do not wish to take part sufficiently in the reflexion . 	584
in Nigeria , Chevron have be accuse by the All-Ijaw indigenous people of instigate violence against they and actually pay nigerian soldier to shoot protester at the Warri naval base . 	in Nigeria , encourage the violence in they employment and go up to pay soldier to draw on the demonstrator at the basis of warri . 	585
the european Council will also discuss the state of progress of the accession negotiation and hence of the enlargement . 	the european Council will discuss also of the state of progress of accession negotiation , and therefore , of enlargement . 	586
I should like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy , Mr Brok , for he clear , comprehensive report . 	I thank the rapporteur for the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Mr Brok , for he clear and comprehensive report . 	587
I stress this point because the market can not regulate everything , which be why competition be not completely unrestricted , nor should it be . 	I stress this point because the market can not regulate everything and that , in this context , it be not or can not be competitive without border . 	588
one could indeed wish for more and for improvement , but I honestly believe that we have make a good start . 	we can , in fact , want more and better , but I believe that it be a good start . 	589
the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insist on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7 % . 	it be rightly that the Committee on Legal Affairs and Citizens ' Rights persist in the rejection of a ceiling and in the maintenance of a minimum rate which can not be below 7 % . 	590
we have start to exchange idea on this question , from which it have emerge that all the Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement . 	we have start to have discussion on this issue , which show that all the Member States want to keep the ceiling after enlargement . 	591
we have start to exchange idea on this question , from which it have emerge that all the Member States want to maintain this ceiling after enlargement . 	we have start to have trade on this issue , where it appear that all Member States wish to maintain this ceiling after enlargement . 	592
I wonder if the Commissioner have plan any step in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider Kostunica to be the only lawfully elect representative of the serbian people , and the only partner with whom the European Union be involve as from today . 	I wonder whether the Commissioner already provide step which will make it possible to show that we regard Kostunica as the legally elect representative of the serbian people and as a partner with whom the European Union will now have to deal with . 	593
the other viewpoint illustrate by the rapporteur ' s initial statement and share by a number of member be to promote regulation and code of conduct which be need in order to establish among insurer way of organise cost on a mutual basis provide everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practice develop together with risk and client selection . 	the other point of view , illustrate by the rapporteur 's original and share by many colleague , be to promote the rule and code of conduct need to build , between insurer , form of degree of cost guarantee all the supply of good quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practice and a risk selection and customer . 	594
unfortunately , the ultimate objective of a european Constitution would be precisely the opposite , and so , of course , we can not vote for it . 	unfortunately the final objective of a european Constitution would be exactly the opposite course and we can not approve it . 	595
thirdly , acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the individual country and for the EU as a whole basically depend - and Denmark demonstrate this - on dismantle the social and democratic deficit of european policy . 	thirdly , the acceptance of enlargement and its positive prospects for the various country and for the whole of the EU depend - the example of Denmark be here to show this - largely to the elimination of social and democratic deficit of european policy . 	596
Slovakia have not be condemn to the second division and it be logical that it should like to join together with the Czech Republic . 	Slovakia be not doom to remain in the second group , and it be logical that it want to join the Union at the same time as the Czech Republic . 	597
I should like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy , Mr Brok , for he clear , comprehensive report . 	I would like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy , Mr Brok , for he clear and comprehensive report . 	598
lastly , and most controversially , the committee strongly call for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation . 	finally , and this be a most controversial issue , the Commission have call vigorously to use the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation . 	599
Mr President , I vote for the García-Margallo y Marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce . 	Mr. President , I have vote in favour of the report García-Margallo there Marfil , which relate to the tax on the abundant service with electronic way . 	600
either we be in a club or we be out of it and it be particularly important that we accept this . 	either we part of the club , or we be not , and we must therefore we bow to this decision . 	601
on the situation in burma 	on the situation in burma . 	602
the other viewpoint illustrate by the rapporteur ' s initial statement and share by a number of member be to promote regulation and code of conduct which be need in order to establish among insurer way of organise cost on a mutual basis provide everybody with guaranteed access to high-quality care and to counter the risk of discriminatory practice develop together with risk and client selection . 	the other point of view , illustrate by the example of the original rapporteur and share by many colleague , be to promote the regulation and code of conduct need to create , between insurer , the form of mutual cost guarantee to all the provision of high-quality care and to counter the risk of see develop discriminatory practice and a risk selection and customer . 	603
it be a matter of the utmost importance and yet have curiously attract very little public attention . 	the task , which be important , however , do not arouse great interest on the part of the public yet . 	604
the lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime law throughout the world be in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of put they right . 	the lesson must retain this House in its debate this morning be that we be force to conclude that the maritime law be in the world , in a state of mess , and that we must get down to the task of up . 	605
that be a shameful state of affair when we consider that the EU itself be a champion of modernised business practice . 	it be a shame when it be think that the European Union be pose as a champion modernization of the economic life ! 	606
and I be tell you loud and clear : Kostunica must be give he chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of week or month , but meanwhile , I do want the introduction of those two new budget line , democratisation and reconstruction , to be accompany by political condition , both from a political and budgetary perspective . 	and I say this very clearly : it be necessary to give its chance to Kostunica and I hope that it will take time to a clear in the course of the come week or month ; but in the meantime , I hope , however , that , in term of policy and in term of the budget , the political condition be the introduction of these two new budget line , namely the and reconstruction . 	607
on the other hand , we would like to be give a chance to prove to Europe that we be able to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro within Yugoslavia on we own , by recognise the genuine principle of democracy . 	furthermore , we would have a chance to demonstrate to Europe that we be in a position to develop the constitutional equality of Serbia and Montenegro , in Yugoslavia , recognise the real democratic principle . 	608
if we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deed , not merely word . 	if we want to help Indonesia , we must intervene with money and concrete action , and not only with word . 	609
I find it rather odd that people be already try to tie the Commission 's hand in relation to the proposal for a directive , while at the same call on it to present a Green Paper on the current situation with regard to optional and supplementary health insurance scheme . 	I be a bit of he now to compel the Commission to a motion for a resolution and ask he in a time to establish a Green Paper on the current state of voluntary insurance and health insurance . 	610
there be , of course , one crucial event , namely that a start have be make with category four and with look at way how we will deal with it , but it be not yet entirely clear whether we have manage to resolve this , partly because the Council refuse to have sufficient input in the attendant thought process . 	there be , of course , a very important point , be the fact that we have initiate within category four , with he approach , but we do not yet know very well if we manage to solve the problem , not least because the Council do not wish to participate enough food for thought . 	611
that make they heavily dependent on loan . 	a development which have make heavily dependent on capital loan . 	612
Slovakia have not be condemn to the second division and it be logical that it should like to join together with the Czech Republic . 	Slovakia be not condemn to remain in the second group and it be logical that she want to adhere to the Union at the same time as the Czech Republic . 	613
worst of all , I believe , be have to issue a warning that a court judgment in they favour may just be a set of comforting word and make no real difference in they life . 	in my view , there be nothing worse than have to warn people that a judgment in they favour could only be a series of reassure word and have no practical effect on they existence . 	615
firstly , simplification and clarification of the Treaties . 	firstly , that of a simplification and clarification of the Treaties . 	616
whilst employment may be the European Union ' s priority policy , fishery , as another economic sector , can not remain on the sideline . 	if employment be the political priority of the Union , fishing , as a economic sector , can not remain on the sideline . 	617
we have hear that the previous Council Presidency first restructure and then scrap the Ministry for Equality . 	we have hear that the previous presidency have first restructure and then dismantle the Ministry of equal opportunity . 	618
as there be still a lot of uncertainty , we must know what the scientific fact be and what action must be take . 	it be necessary to know today , since we be still in the uncertainty , which be the scientific , what be the measure to take . 	619
I stress this point because the market can not regulate everything , which be why competition be not completely unrestricted , nor should it be . 	I insist on this point because the market can not regulate everything and that , in this perspective , there be neither can be no competition without limit . 	620
they will keep the pressure on , and they be strengthen they position with the revenue they be generate from deliver mail above 150 gram . 	they will continue to put the pressure . the money that they gain with the distribution beyond the limit of the 150 gram make it possible they to reinforce they position . 	621
I also vote against a text which call for the incorporation of the Charter of fundamental rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice . 	I also vote against a text which call for the integration of the Charter of fundamental rights in the future Treaty which will be adopt at Nice . 	622
if we define a clear , bind framework for the Member States , then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support system require to satisfy these requirement . 	if we define a clear and binding framework for the Member States , the various system to meet these demand should have a longer period of put to the test . 	623
Mr President , lady and gentleman , I should like to say a few word on the joint resolution , which will , of course , be pass . 	Mr President , lady and gentleman , I would like to speak on the joint resolution that we shall , of course , be vote . 	624
this be we priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights be put into practice in we political decision . 	that be we fight priority for the affirmation of fundamental rights be implement in political choice . 	626
the Council of Europe , along with the Court of Human Rights , have a wealth of experience of such form of supervision , and we can build on these . 	as the Court of Human Rights , the Council of Europe have also a solid experience regard such form of control ; we can take to basis . 	627
reiterate the call make by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000 , what initiative do the Presidency of the european Council propose to take with a view to play a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the UN peace plan ? 	as the European Parliament call for in its resolution of 16 March 2000 , they initiative the european Council Presidency intend to take to play a more active role in order to ensure the full implementation of the UN peace plan ? 	628
there be , of course , one crucial event , namely that a start have be make with category four and with look at way how we will deal with it , but it be not yet entirely clear whether we have manage to resolve this , partly because the Council refuse to have sufficient input in the attendant thought process . 	there be , of course , a very important point be the fact that we have begin category four , with he approach , but we do not yet know very well if we manage to solve the problem , not least because the Council do not wish to participate in the discussion . 	629
if we want to help Indonesia we must act now with money and deed , not merely word . 	if we want to help Indonesia , we must act now with money and concrete action , and not only with word . 	630
firstly , simplification and clarification of the Treaties . 	firstly , the simplification and clarification of the Treaties . 	631
this rule can be apply equally to all recreational but dangerous drug when no one but the person consume the drug be likely to be affect . 	this rule can apply to all drug récréationnelles provide that the consumer but dangerous drug be the only to run risk . 	632
unfortunately , the ultimate objective of a european Constitution would be precisely the opposite , and so , of course , we can not vote for it . 	unfortunately the ultimate goal of a european Constitution would be exactly the opposite and , of course , we can not approve it . 	633
all those who be at present engage in illicit work would obtain work with decent social condition . 	everyone who work be currently obtiendraient undeclared work in decent social condition . 	634
do you think that the austrian model , i.e. bilateral majority resolution , will be use in future as a way of pass resolution which bypass the european institution and of form a new institution or a new group in order to circumvent unanimity in the Council ? 	do you think the austrian model '' - namely the bilateral majority decision-making - will in future a instrument to take decision by ignore the european institution and to set up a new institution , or a new group , in order to get round the unanimity rule in the Council ? 	635
the labelling of beef that be agree on , which be a minimum form of labelling and only come into force two and a half month ago , do not make it possible for the origin of animal to be adequately trace , and we be very slow to ban specify risk material . 	the labelling of beef which have be decide , which be a minimum labelling and which have only be in force for two and a half month ago , do not properly to trace the origin of animal and we have ban rather belatedly specify risk material . 	636
do you think that the austrian model , i.e. bilateral majority resolution , will be use in future as a way of pass resolution which bypass the european institution and of form a new institution or a new group in order to circumvent unanimity in the Council ? 	do you believe that the ` austrian model ' - namely the taking of bilateral majority decision - in the future will be a instrument for take decision ignore the european institution and to build a new institution , or a new group , to be able to circumvent the rule of unanimity in the Council ? 	637
either we be in a club or we be out of it and it be particularly important that we accept this . 	either we belong to the club , or let we not be we and we thus should be fold with this decision . 	638
I stress this point because the market can not regulate everything , which be why competition be not completely unrestricted , nor should it be . 	I stress this because the market can not solve all and that , accordingly , there be not and can not have competition without limit . 	639
reiterate the call make by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000 , what initiative do the Presidency of the european Council propose to take with a view to play a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the UN peace plan ? 	as the European Parliament have call for in its resolution of 16 March 2000 , that they initiative will the presidency of the european Council intend to take to play a more active role in order to ensure the full implementation of the UN peace plan ? 	640
but I would like to say to Parliament this afternoon that we should not lose sight of the fact that the EU spend just 1 % of GDP and much of that be administer in the Member States . 	nevertheless , I would like to say to the idea that we must not lose sight of the fact that the European Union do not believe that 1 % of the gdp of the Member States and that the bulk of this money be manage in the Member States . 	641
in the last three week , progress have be make in three major area . 	in recent week , three major progress have be make . 	642
that be a shameful state of affair when we consider that the EU itself be a champion of modernised business practice . 	it be a disgrace when it be believe that the European Union have set itself up as a champion modernisation of economic life . 	643
Mr President , I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière ' s report , which I think be clearly word and well put together . 	Mr President , in my speech I shall focus on the report by Mrs Lalumière report , which I think be well thought-out and clearly formulate . 	644
above all , when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employee have a project , it should not need to provide 120 % loan guarantee in the form of land to receive financing ; it should also be possible for it to be fund on the basis of a good idea . 	above all , when a company or unipersonnelle a society rely less than 250 employee have a project , it must be possible to receive funding not only with a guarantee to 120 % , but also on the simple basis of a good idea . 	645
it must genuinely be a centre for coordinate the network of national agency which , in turn , must activate and coordinate a network of centre of excellence for food safety at the level of the individual region . 	it must be the true brain coordination of the network of national agency , which in turn will activate and coordinate a network of centre of excellence food safety at regional level . 	646
I should also have like the Court of auditor ' report to have be a little more user-friendly and to have provide a number of clear recommendation , for example one or two per chapter . 	I would also that the report of the Court of auditor be that it have some clear recommendation - for example , one or two recommendation by chapter . 	647
the resolution on Nice , vote today , do not reflect this . 	the resolution on the Nice Summit , which have just be vote , do not reflect . 	648
from the first discussion on this dossier , which be hold at european level at the initiative of the European Parliament , the Commission have give a commitment to the Member States to pursue a course of action design to develop what we might call a european police culture , ground in the highest standard of duty , respect for the rights and freedom of we citizen and efficiency in the fight against crime . 	since the first thought on this issue , which take place at european level on the initiative of the European Parliament , the Commission commit itself in relation to the Member States to promote a action intend to develop what we could describe as a european Commissioner culture , base on the highest standard of ethic , respect for human rights and freedom , and effectiveness in the fight against crime . 	649
on my own behalf and on behalf of my colleague in the Committee on Fisheries , I would ask you , Madam President , to send Parliament ' s condolence to the family of the victim and to the local authority in both Brittany and in Marín , Galicia , from where the majority of the victim come . 	Madam President , I ask you , on behalf of my colleague in the Committee on Fisheries and on my own behalf , to send a message of condolence from Parliament to the family of the victim and the local authority of both Brittany that Marín , city of Galicia , where be from most of the victim . 	650
I stress this point because the market can not regulate everything , which be why competition be not completely unrestricted , nor should it be . 	I stress this because the market can not solve all and that , in this sense , there be no can not be competitive without limit . 	651
give this situation , there be a inescapable need for greater involvement and greater effectiveness in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment . 	face with these reality , the need for greater involvement and greater efficiency in the fight against poverty and underdevelopment be essential . 	652
Mr President , we take a great deal of care over prepare the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens ' Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs . 	Mr President , the Committee on citizen ' freedom and rights , justice and internal Affairs have prepare with great care the Karamanou report . 	653
as long ago as 1996 the European Parliament come out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only . 	in 1996 , the European Parliament have vote in favour of a ban on the use of meat and bone meal in the European Union , in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only we have listen to . 	654
Mr President , we take a great deal of care over prepare the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens ' Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs . 	Mr President , the Committee on Citizens ' Freedoms and Rights , Justice and we be to retain any prepared very carefully the Karamanou report . 	655
the UK Labour member of the PES Group welcome the adoption of they contribution to the ongoing work of the igc on reinforce cooperation , without endorse every single detail . 	the UK Labour Members of the PSE Group welcome the favourable reception reserve for the contribution they have make to the ongoing work of the igc on reinforce cooperation , without endorse totally at all the detail of this . 	656
there have be a budget head for the funding of mine clearance and prevention programme for many year now . 	a budget line , programme and of many year . 	657
lastly , and most controversially , the committee strongly call for the use of a fast-track procedure to implement this legislation . 	finally , and this be a controversial issue , the Commission have call with force to use the fast-track procedure to implement this legislation . 	658
I find it rather odd that people be already try to tie the Commission 's hand in relation to the proposal for a directive , while at the same call on it to present a Green Paper on the current situation with regard to optional and supplementary health insurance scheme . 	I find it a little strange to try to now force the Commission to a motion for a resolution and ask he in a same time to establish a Green Paper on the current state of voluntary insurance and health insurance complementary . 	659
as long ago as 1996 the European Parliament come out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only . 	since 1996 , the European Parliament decide in favour of a ban on the use of meat meal in the European Union , in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only we have be listen to . 	661
finally , I welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually . 	finally I welcome the idea of we to give a annual assessment of the implementation of the programme . 	662
I wonder if the Commissioner have plan any step in this respect to demonstrate that we really do consider Kostunica to be the only lawfully elect representative of the serbian people , and the only partner with whom the European Union be involve as from today . 	I wonder whether the Commissioner already provide for step to show that we consider Kostunica as the legally elect representative of the serbian people and as a partner with which the European Union will now have to deal with . 	663
while withdraw the resolution , however , I express the conviction that this Parliament would have make its voice hear better if , in anticipation of the Council of Nice , it have devote a specific and separate resolution to these important and difficult topic of the Intergovernmental Conference , instead of deal with they in a single resolution that also embrace all the other point on the Council agenda . 	by withdraw we resolution , I nevertheless express the conviction that we Parliament would have do better its voice hear in devote , in view of the nice european Council , a specific and separate resolution to the issue so important and so difficult for the Intergovernmental Conference , rather than deal with in the context of a single resolution include also all the other item on the agenda for the Council . 	664
it be this kind of future I would also like to see in the other country within the European Union . 	this be a development of the kind that I wish the other States of the European Union . 	665
the only instance in which no tax be levy be when the supplier be in a non-eu country and the recipient be in a Member State of the EU . 	the only case for which no tax be still see be that of a provision in the European Community from a third country . 	666
I think that France have set a excellent example by finally decide to take this step . 	I think it be exemplary that France be resolve to take this step . 	667
on my own behalf and on behalf of my colleague in the Committee on Fisheries , I would ask you , Madam President , to send Parliament ' s condolence to the family of the victim and to the local authority in both Brittany and in Marín , Galicia , from where the majority of the victim come . 	Madam President , I ask you , on behalf of my colleague in the Committee on Fisheries and on my own behalf , to send a message of condolence from Parliament to the family of the victim and to the local authority of both Brittany and of Marín , city of Galicia , which be from the majority of the victim . 	668
these objective , the main one and the secondary one , will be the touchstone by which the concrete proposal submit by the Commission must be judge . 	these objective , the primary objective and the secondary objective , will represent the stone of hit enable we to judge the concrete proposal present by the Commission . 	669
on the contrary , the influence of the national democracy be be reduce by the further restriction of the right of veto and by the fact that the European Parliament be be give more power . 	on the contrary , the power of the national democracy be increasingly to restrict the right of veto and of give Parliament more power for the EU . 	670
- my party have serious reservation about community law apply to the sale of consumer product , as against apply the concept of mutual recognition of standard . 	my party issue serious reservation in connection with the regulation of the sale of product of consumption by the means of the community legislation , just like it issue reserve in connection with the concept of mutual recognition of the standard . 	671
I think that France have set a excellent example by finally decide to take this step . 	I find that France exemplary commit itself to take this step . 	672
there be , of course , one crucial event , namely that a start have be make with category four and with look at way how we will deal with it , but it be not yet entirely clear whether we have manage to resolve this , partly because the Council refuse to have sufficient input in the attendant thought process . 	it be , of course , a very important point , it be the fact that we have the section four , with its approach , but we do not yet know very well if we manage to solve the problem , in particular because the Council do not wish to participate enough . 	673
and I be tell you loud and clear : Kostunica must be give he chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of week or month , but meanwhile , I do want the introduction of those two new budget line , democratisation and reconstruction , to be accompany by political condition , both from a political and budgetary perspective . 	and let I make it very clear : it be necessary to give its chance Kostunica , and I therefore hope that it will ensure a amnesty in the week and month ahead ; but in the meantime , I wish , however , that , politically , and the budgetary level , the political condition be couple with the introduction of these two new budgetary line , namely democratisation and reconstruction . 	674
the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insist on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7 % . 	it be rightly that the Legal Committee persist in the refusal of a ceiling and the maintenance of a minimum rate which can not be lower than 7 % . 	675
Mr President , I would like to focus in my speech on Mrs Lalumière ' s report , which I think be clearly word and well put together . 	I think that France have set a excellent example by finally decide to take this step . 	I find exemplary that France determine itself to cross this step . 	677
the french Presidency thanks you , Madam President , lady and gentleman , for this cooperation , for you support and also for the warm reception you have give we . 	for this cooperation , for you support and also for you warm welcome , Madam President , lady and gentleman of the European Parliament , the french Presidency thank you . 	678
the very worst situation be when the woman concern also come from distant country , have take the work on out of desperation because they have no other way of continue to provide for themselves . 	the situation be worsen , when it come to woman distant country who have accept this work by necessity and which have no alternative to continue to meet they basic need . 	679
the debate be close . 	in the debate be close . 	680
the Committee on Legal Affairs and the Internal Market rightly insist on no upper limit and a minimum of no less than 7 % . 	it be right that the Committee on Legal Affairs continue in the refusal of a ceiling and the maintenance of a minimum rate which can not be less than 7 % . 	681
-lrb- the sit be suspend at 2.06 p.m. and resume at 3 p.m. -rrb- 	-lrb- the sit be suspend at 14h06 p.m. and resume at 3 p.m. -rrb- 	682
there be a urgent need , follow the recent attack on the greek minority in Himara , to promote democratisation measure and measure to strengthen institution and respect for human rights in Albania . 	the recent incident against the greek minority of Himara make more imperative the need to promote democratisation measure , of institution building and respect for the rights of the man in Albania . 	683
the UK Labour member of the PES Group welcome the adoption of they contribution to the ongoing work of the igc on reinforce cooperation , without endorse every single detail . 	the UK Labour Members of the PSE Group welcome the favourable response give to the contribution they have make to the continue work of the igc on closer cooperation , without adhering fully to all the detail of this . 	684
Mr President , I vote for the García-Margallo y Marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce . 	Mr President , I vote in favour of the García-Margallo y Marfil report , which concern the taxation of service provide by electronic means . 	685
declaration must be follow by concrete step to trace , freeze , seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime . 	the statement must be follow up by practical action to identify , freeze , seize and confiscate the proceeds of crime . 	686
do you think that the austrian model , i.e. bilateral majority resolution , will be use in future as a way of pass resolution which bypass the european institution and of form a new institution or a new group in order to circumvent unanimity in the Council ? 	do you think that the ` austrian ` model -- namely decision-making majority bilateral - will in future be a instrument for make it possible to take decision by ignore the european institution and to establish a new institution , or a new group , to be able to get round the unanimity rule in the Council ? 	687
when we be face with a potential risk , it be important to apply the precautionary principle . 	when we be face with a potential risk , it be important to put the precautionary principle into practice . 	688
this be we priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights be put into practice in we political decision . 	it be we priority for the assertion of fundamental rights be in political choice . 	689
we have hear that the previous Council Presidency first restructure and then scrap the Ministry for Equality . 	we hear that the previous presidency initially restructure then dismantle the ministry for the equal opportunity . 	690
this rule can be apply equally to all recreational but dangerous drug when no one but the person consume the drug be likely to be affect . 	this rule can also apply to all drug rã © crã © ationnelle but dangerous , provide that the consumer of drug be the only one to run risk . 	691
this be we priority fight in order to ensure that the affirmation of fundamental rights be put into practice in we political decision . 	it be we priority combat so that the assertion of fundamental rights be concretize in political choice . 	692
Mr President , I vote for the García-Margallo y Marfil report on the taxation of electronic commerce . 	Mr President , I vote in favour of the García-Margallo y Marfil report , which concern the taxation of service provide by way . 	693
I should like to thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Human Rights , Common Security and Defence Policy , Mr Brok , for he clear , comprehensive report . 	I thank the rapporteur of the Committee on Foreign Affairs , Mr Brok , for he clear and comprehensive report . 	694
finally , I welcome the idea that we should review the implementation of the programme annually . 	finally , I welcome the idea of give a annual meeting in order to make a assessment of the implementation of the programme . 	695
above all , when a one-man company or a company with fewer than 250 employee have a project , it should not need to provide 120 % loan guarantee in the form of land to receive financing ; it should also be possible for it to be fund on the basis of a good idea . 	especially , when a unipersonal company or a company less cash than 250 pay have a project , it must be possible to be give a financing not only with one guarantee with 120 % , but also on the simple basis of a good idea . 	696
whilst employment may be the European Union ' s priority policy , fishery , as another economic sector , can not remain on the sideline . 	if employment be the priority Union policy , fishing , as a economic sector , can not remain in margin . 	697
you do not even intend to incorporate it into the Treaty , evidence indeed that this text , this exercise be always destine to be lay aside . 	you do not want in the Treaty , which show that this text must be put aside . 	698
after all , it be by no means certain that the propose definition of equitable price be better than any other , because the various definition that be currently in use in the Member States be all perfectly satisfactory . 	in fact , it be not absolutely certain that the definition of price that be propose be better than another , because the different currently in the Member States all fully . 	699
-lrb- applause -rrb- 	I have already say on this point and I fully endorse what he say on the need to improve the public debate considerably I will not repeat what I say , but it be true that , all too often the citizen feel alienate by decision take in authority that they do not know . 	700
thank you very much , Commissioner . 	thank you very much , Mr Commissioner . 	701
Action be need quickly , which be why we decide to include this item on the agenda . 	there be urgency and that be why we have decide to put this issue on the agenda . 	702
the lesson for this Parliament this morning must be that we have to conclude that maritime law throughout the world be in a state of shambles and we have to begin the process of put they right . 	the lesson for we within this House in its debate this morning be that we be force to conclude that the law at sea be , in the world , in a state of chaos , and that we must get down to work to bring order . 	703
either we be in a club or we be out of it and it be particularly important that we accept this . 	either we be part of the club , or we be not and we must therefore we abide by this decision . 	704
the right of a government arbitrarily to set aside its own constitution be the define characteristic of a tyranny . 	the right to a government to remove arbitrarily its constitution be define characteristic of a tyranny . 	705
after all , it be by no means certain that the propose definition of equitable price be better than any other , because the various definition that be currently in use in the Member States be all perfectly satisfactory . 	indeed , it be not at all convince that the definition of fair price which be propose be better than another , because the different definition use in the Member States be sufficient all amply . 	706
the labelling of beef that be agree on , which be a minimum form of labelling and only come into force two and a half month ago , do not make it possible for the origin of animal to be adequately trace , and we be very slow to ban specify risk material . 	the labelling of beef which have be decide , which be a minimum labelling and which enter into force for two and a half month , do not allow for properly trace the origin of animal , and we have belatedly ban specify risk material . 	707
he will stand trial on 8 January on charge of have attend a meeting of the tunisian opposition in France , which he deny . 	it happen in trial on 8 January . he be accuse of take part in a meeting of tunisian opponent in France , what to do deny it . 	708
when we be face with a potential risk , it be important to apply the precautionary principle . 	when we be confront with a potential risk , it be important to put the precautionary principle into practice . 	709
as long ago as 1996 the European Parliament come out in favour of a ban on the use of meat-and-bone meal throughout the European Union in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only . 	in 1996 , the European Parliament be in favour of a ban on the use in the European Union , in accordance with the precautionary principle - if only they have . 	711
that make they heavily dependent on loan . 	a evolution which make they strongly dependent on the borrow capital . 	712
Mr President , we take a great deal of care over prepare the Karamanou report in the Committee on Citizens ' Freedoms and Rights , Justice and Home Affairs . 	Mr President , the Committee on Citizens ' Freedoms and Rights , Justice and internal affair have prepare with great care the Karamanou report . 	713
the debate be close . 	the debate be close . 	714
I also vote against a text which call for the incorporation of the Charter of fundamental rights into the eventual Treaty of Nice . 	I also vote against a text which call for the incorporation of the Charter of fundamental rights in the future Treaty , which will be adopt in Nice . 	715
you do not even intend to incorporate it into the Treaty , evidence indeed that this text , this exercise be always destine to be lay aside . 	you do not even want to incorporate it into the Treaty , which show that this text be to be put to one side . 	716
reiterate the call make by the European Parliament in its resolution of 16 March 2000 , what initiative do the Presidency of the european Council propose to take with a view to play a more active role so as to guarantee the full and complete application of the UN peace plan ? 	as the European Parliament call for in its resolution of 16 March 2000 , that these initiative be the Presidency of the european Council intend to take to play a more active role in order to ensure the full implementation of the UN peace plan ? 	717
all those who be at present engage in illicit work would obtain work with decent social condition . 	all those which currently work with the black would obtain a employment under decent social condition . 	718
as there be still a lot of uncertainty , we must know what the scientific fact be and what action must be take . 	we need to know today , since we be always in uncertainty , what be the scientific datum , what measure be to be take . 	719
. -lrb- es -rrb- Mr President , enlargement be essential for the construction of a strong and united european continent . 	- -lrb- es -rrb- Mr President , enlargement be essential for the construction of a strong and unite Europe . 	720
Action be need quickly , which be why we decide to include this item on the agenda . 	there be urgency and therefore we decide to put this point at the order of business . 	721
the resolution on Nice , vote today , do not reflect this . 	the resolution on the Nice Summit , which have just be pass , do not reflect the . 	722
the House have also fight , however , for the reduction of the fund available for innovative measure to be offset by means of resource from the flexibility instrument , a demand which be record in a declaration on the financial perspective in the Interinstitutional Agreement . 	this Parliament have , however , also fight for this reduction in the fund allocate to the innovative action should be compensate for by the use of flexible framework , set out in a statement on the financial perspective . 	723
approval of the Minutes of the previous sit 	approval of the Minutes of the previous sit . 	724
that be change in the face of criticism , especially from Ireland and France , and a different spin have now be put on it by the British Chancellor of the Exchequer : it be now be portray as a user charge for all , include british lorry driver . 	face with criticism , particularly those of Ireland and France , the British Chancellor of the Exchequer have give a new interpretation : it be now a matter of resource for all user , include the driver of heavy goods vehicle . 	725
he will stand trial on 8 January on charge of have attend a meeting of the tunisian opposition in France , which he deny . 	it cross the 8 January of this year . it be to have a Union of tunisian opponent in France , which moreover it . 	726
if we define a clear , bind framework for the Member States , then there should be a longer evaluation period for the various support system require to satisfy these requirement . 	if we create a clear framework and binding on the Member States , the various system to meet these requirement should have a longer period test . 	727
and I be tell you loud and clear : Kostunica must be give he chance here and I therefore hope that he will give amnesty in the next couple of week or month , but meanwhile , I do want the introduction of those two new budget line , democratisation and reconstruction , to be accompany by political condition , both from a political and budgetary perspective . 	and I say to you very clearly : we need to give its opportunity to Koitunica , and I therefore hope that he will ensure a amnesty over the come week or month ; but meanwhile , I hope , however , that , in political term and in budgetary term , political condition be link to the introduction of these two new budget line , namely democratisation and reconstruction . 	728
the aim of the annual review be to identify such potential improvement . 	the annual report be design to identify such potential improvement . 	729
Action be need quickly , which be why we decide to include this item on the agenda . 	it be urgent and that be why we have decide to put this item on the agenda . 	730
one could indeed wish for more and for improvement , but I honestly believe that we have make a good start . 	we can actually want more and better , but I think quite honestly that it be a good start . 	731
-lrb- Parliament accept the oral amendment -rrb- 	-lrb- Parliament accept the oral amendment -rrb- 	732
- my party have serious reservation about community law apply to the sale of consumer product , as against apply the concept of mutual recognition of standard . 	my party serious reservation about the regulation of the sale of consumption by means of Community legislation , as it have reservation about the concept of mutual recognition of standard . 	733
he see a red rose . 	he drive a rose color car . 	734
