two man be cry 	two man laugh . 	1
a tired businessman take a quick nap while ride the train . 	a man find time to take a nap in the electric car . 	2
a man work on a light that have be break for a week . 	the woman work hard on a crooked down . 	3
a man be attempt to fix the air compressor . 	a man use a high-power hose to put out the fire . 	4
a twelve year old girl eat chocolate ice cream 	Girl eat ice cream . 	5
a man hold a pro Judea protest sign at a protest rally 	a man hold a sign of protest 	6
a woman hold a little boy wear a blue sweatshirt . 	a woman carry a child smile , wear a blue shirt . 	7
a bike ride blond child . 	the girl ride she bike . 	8
people be in the road 	people near the road 	9
the window be tall . 	the window open . 	10
a man be be chase by the police . 	police arrest man 	11
a girl have binoculars 	a young girl carry a camera 	12
two people ride red bike . 	two man be lead the way to another 	13
two people be stand next to each other wear pink . 	there be three man , two of they wear Qmichin Ohmaren Thertheran together 	14
a black woman be buy donut at the store . 	woman look at the shampoo at a grocery store . 	15
the man work in the local market . 	a group of trader work in the market . 	16
a woman in red wear glass and long earring . 	Woman wear glass , big earring , and a lid on she head . 	17
skateboarder in midair at a park . 	man outdoor skate park . 	18
a man work the kink out of he old bone 	the man work in he hand 	19
a woman in a one-piece bathing suit with a man on a boardwalk on a foggy day . 	a man wear a suit and a woman wear a wedding dress walk on the sidewalk wet . 	20
a man in a blue shirt help a man in a red shirt fix a car . 	a man with a blue shirt a red shirt help a man to fit a bicycle path 	21
a girl kneel on the ground with she friend . 	or stretch out on the ground with she son 	22
the gymnast be a few foot off the ground . 	someone in the air with ski on he foot . 	23
boy walk past man in orange overalls who be sweeping garbage from the street . 	woman carry a black bag cross the street . 	24
two man be try to drink beer while tubing . 	two woman carry drink and two pag . 	25
the man be ride a jet ski . 	dog ride a plane . 	26
girl be stand up . 	girl stand by . 	27
man sit on they couch while eat bull 	two woman Tjlsan to table they clothes resemble frog 	28
a man be bend down in a park next to a woman on a bike . 	a man in a wheelchair walk down the sidewalk 	29
two man on a platform 	four man on the platform . 	30
the homeless man be alone in he box . 	Man Home alone 	31
a bunch of people gather on a beach . 	a group of people on the beach . 	32
the girl be sit and drink water . 	sit girl drink water . 	33
a lady show a guy a reptile while another child be in the background . 	Girl pick up the image of a older in a wide garden Girl 	34
the people be not clap . 	people all Aapson . 	35
jockey race the fast horse . 	Varsan Atsabakan on horseback . 	36
they be play with a antique set . 	the man next to the table . 	37
the people be in the water . 	people in the water . 	38
a young man who look oriental be sell thing . 	like the young girl be not she shoe boot . 	39
a group of woman practice yoga in the backyard of a yellow house . 	a group of people sit in a swimsuit on a beach in yoga posture . 	40
the boy be ready to take a swing at a ball use a bat . 	a boy prepare to catch a ball . 	41
four woman wear bicycle ride clothing sit on a bench . 	two man sit on the grass wear bicycle helmet . 	42
the man be take a picture of the Empire State Building . 	woman in the military . 	43
the people be sleep in the snow . 	people in the snow . 	44
the insect be from Mars . 	insect fly . 	45
a group of people eat outdoors . 	a group of people eat 	46
a teenage pole vaulter be perform . 	Slider perform a jump . 	47
the girl be learn how to use a microscope . 	a elderly woman show how to use the wash table to do the laundry . 	48
two man dress in white shirt button down shirt , white hat , with blue scarf tie around they neck 	three man dress in red and white striped shirt , white shorts and black hat carry flag . 	49
a man be that just purchase and put on a rainbow color necklace and be very happy . 	a man and a child on the sand . 	50
the young boy be brother . 	neonate two little brother . 	51
two kid be in a field . 	two dog be work in a field 	52
there be only strawberry to eat at the baby shower . 	people at the ceremony newborn 	53
there be a bear in the jewelry store . 	woman in the store look for thing in supplies 	54
a man be hold a computer monitor . 	a man work in the window . 	55
the man be use a heat suit control the flame 	a man use a blowtorch to melt the plastic . 	56
Superman break down the sign so the group may pass 	bull be try to take a man 's back 	57
the people be stand in line at the water slide . 	a group of people look through the fence on the water and land cover by fog . 	58
a child be lay in a bed in a medical setting . 	child in bed . 	59
a woman pop a bubble . 	Girl blow bubble by stick 	60
the 2 drunk man be stand in the street get ready for a fist fight . 	the man with the red shirt sit in he car wait for the rain to stop 	61
the dog be chase a lizard . 	dog chase a ghost . 	62
a woman and two child be walk between building in the rain with a umbrella . 	two woman in a field with no building surround by . 	63
a person ask for direction 	someone ask for guidance . 	64
the woman be try to make the man get up . 	wife angry tourist from the man who can not work he mind . 	65
roller blade cop be talk . 	few man be leap background . 	66
a tall human fall 	tall man jump . 	67
a chinese farmer be work in a rice field 	asian farmer walk in a rice field with a ox . 	68
a father ride a horse while he daughter stand nearby . 	a man ride a bike , ride he daughter by he side . 	69
the man try to show the coach what they be make of . 	both man be at the wheel of command they to get the job do . 	70
a man smoke a cigarette . 	Woman smoking a cigarette 	71
a player catch the football in the end zone . 	football player run to the latter region . 	72
the band be perform on a stage . 	the band on stage . 	73
the beam be firmly in place . 	Proven light the lamp on the floor . 	74
the family get a portrait take 	the man pick up a picture of he girlfriend . 	75
a group of child be stretch . 	there be a group of child abroad . 	76
people walk by through a city juggling . 	people walk through the city . 	77
the man be walk by a mural . 	a man walk from the plate . 	78
a lone woman walk in the surf at the beach . 	a woman walk among the wave on the beach . 	79
a man in a white shirt and a woman in a black shirt ride a motorcycle . 	a man wear jeans , a red shirt ride a motorcycle on the highway . 	80
two man be search for can goods 	two man peddle vegetable . 	81
a sharp look man be cruise in the sunshine . 	a man offer trick on a bike be very high in the air . 	82
a boy steal a apple alone 	a man with a game someone . 	83
a woman be train to be a expert shot with a pistol . 	a man use a wheelchair talk in a field for a few woman . 	84
a mother be cut fabric into square for a quilt . 	a woman cut off the canvas . 	85
the small boy be sleep . 	there be a boy near the shoe . 	86
woman go grocery shopping 	Woman grocery shopping 	87
the father play catch with he son 	a father and he son play basketball . 	88
a man cut a melon . 	a man cut a cake . 	89
a asian woman with a microphone stand amongst a crowd of raise hand . 	a woman standing in a crowd of people in Asia . 	90
she be watch a movie inside . 	a man sit and watch a movie . 	91
two black dog on the beach 	three black dog on the beach . 	92
the man 's hand be full . 	woman wear they hand on the man 's head . 	93
human in shirt . 	dog and chicken have the same color . 	94
a woman be take a break from read she book . 	a young woman take a photo during a short break from she job as a waitress . 	95
the man be wait on someone by the building . 	man standing building to wait for someone . 	96
a man be sleep while the woman watch silently . 	a old sleeps naked on she own . 	97
a man play piano with he shoe . 	a man play the violin , smile . 	98
two kid have a snowball fight . 	two girl taataarcan padding . 	99
a girl be cry in the park . 	a baby cry in the garden . 	100
the man be play a round of golf . 	sad man in the game . 	101
a canine be in the field . 	the man in the field . 	102
a mountain biker jump off of a fence while go downhill . 	skater man steeper incline sharply . 	103
a woman use a high tech sew machine to make a scarf 	Woman use a sew machine for garment . 	104
group of black man load luggage onto the top of a bus 	a group of man be load the goods on the back of the car . 	105
a artist drawing . 	Artist paint . 	106
the people be not stand . 	all people be stand . 	107
two guy be have lunch in a chinese restaurant . 	two woman wait for a meal in a restaurant . 	108
a boy be put he black sock and shoe on he foot . 	black boy take off he shoe . 	109
the man be stand next to a sheep . 	a man standing next to a dog . 	110
young man in blue shirt peer through a large bubble . 	a man wear a white shirt and sunglass stare at the horizon . 	111
a woman sit fan herself 	the red-haired woman sit inside 	112
the blow-up figure be Karl Marx . 	a panel of Albert Einstein on a bear . 	113
a male and female worker be whipping up a meal . 	a man wear female food Luna offer rosy . 	114
worker be stand near the track . 	two factor in the sun 	115
two kid wear cold clothing look happily down through a tire swing for a picture . 	two child dress in warm clothes look at below they happily through the swing frame in order to take a picture . 	116
people walk a standing in a city park . 	people sit in a public park . 	117
man sit on step with a dog 	two man talk with another man in the balcony 	118
two man with long hair sit on sofa . 	two man dress in black t-shirt put up a man a man under they laptop on the couch own . 	119
two child ride horse in a rural setting while play lacrosse 	girl tend to the house . 	120
a man tie he shoe at a beach . 	a man take a break with he dog in a public park . 	121
three people hang out on top of a big hill . 	a group of man in the back of a truck Al loud high 	122
a car be drive in the mud . 	the man in the truck drive away . 	123
a little boy get he pants wet . 	the boy wet he pants . 	124
a group of woman yell at a man . 	two man shout at a woman in the market . 	125
the woman be drive fast 	men , nor the beast thereof in speedboat 	126
two man chat about a bank heist . 	a group of man be gather around a broken Below be a car . 	127
the person be dead . 	person dead . 	128
a group of basketball player try to get the ball from another player . 	basketball player try to take the ball from another . 	129
two girl be read book outside . 	three girl keratosis book . 	130
a boy in a black t-shirt get ready to throw . 	toddler get a black horse . 	131
a snowboarder jump high . 	skater jump aloft while he be on a skateboard . 	132
child playing with a hula hoop in he home 	a child play Bhola hop . 	133
the man be woman be in a relationship . 	woman talk . 	134
a audience at a concert . 	Representative on stage at the ceremony 	135
the adult be inside 	adult be sit at home . 	136
there be a group of young man play instrument . 	there be a group of man play music . 	137
a baby be chew on he finger while wear a cute blue striped outfit . 	a small girl wear a red shirt and jacket inflate bubble in a big stick . 	138
there be only two athlete 	some man run 	139
the girl be a starve , homeless child in Africa , and missionary have give she bread to eat . 	a man offer food for child . 	140
a man in a green shirt make a cup . 	a man carry a blue shirt Cuba . 	141
a older woman have a cart full of grocery . 	man drive he cart full of purchase . 	142
a man carry steel beam across a lumberyard . 	Furniture sit inside a move truck on a slope . 	143
the food the child be eat be sweet . 	the boy eat food . 	144
a player throw a ball be tackle by another 	a player throw a ball . 	145
black dog play with toy 	a young boy Btaban short red laugh . 	146
the elderly man be rest on he bicycle . 	the man sit wait for he role . 	147
man sit at the end of a row of green chair by some payphone . 	people be folding chair look of a cliff . 	148
the people be do the back stroke . 	people be take a break . 	149
the woman be wear a uniform 	Woman wear a hat . 	150
the carpenter be take a break . 	Al-Najjar be take a break . 	151
a baby in pink be hold . 	Woman Ford be food for child in blue sit under the table . 	152
someone be dress in clothing and put she face in front of a talk tube . 	Woman green shirt and carry a camera and surround by a group of people . 	153
a brown dog with a blue collar be run . 	brown dog wear a blue gasket be on the grass . 	154
two dog be play in a yard . 	two dog play in the park . 	155
a dog with a Frisbee in its mouth be run through snow . 	a dog be be build in the snow dish bird in he mouth . 	156
two woman stand near the subway 	there be three woman stand at the bus station . 	157
this marketplace feature multiple vendor sell fruit , vegetable , and other item . 	Fruit market center offer artichoke , and many different type of fruit . 	158
man sleep outside store 	a man sleep outside . 	159
the man be race down the mountain . 	the man skate down the mountain . 	160
four Mormons walk along the beach . 	two people walk along the beach . 	161
a man in a black swimming suit be hold onto the edge of a in ground pool . 	Woman suit pool stick to the edge of the swimming pool . 	162
the man be use a shopping cart . 	a man walk through the Wal-Mart with a cart full of thing . 	163
people walk beside a stone wall . 	a man walk down the corridor of a set of interface shop . 	164
a man play football in the park . 	a man play football in the park . 	165
two young individual be play drummer boy use soda can and drumstick 	two child play with knife . 	166
a man be sleep with a small dog . 	a man with a small dog . 	167
the jeep crash onto some rock . 	many of the car park on a mountain . 	168
a band perform on a sidewalk . 	band playing on the sidewalk . 	169
the boy have a black hat and red shirt on while skateboarding . 	a young boy wear a blue shirt and red hat afternoon . 	170
the young man be jump . 	a little boy jump . 	171
a reader be tell the child a story 	a person read a book . 	172
a man with a suit and a name tag be sit outside , wait to start a presentation . 	Woman suit talk to a man on a bench . 	173
boy laugh while play in mud puddle . 	a boy wear the pool scream while be spray with water . 	174
a man examine plant 	the man cultivate plant . 	175
the child steal a bike 	a woman in a white bikini drive a bicycle , and people walk and drive behind she . 	176
a man stop for a picture with the scenery during he hike . 	a man take a picture of the view never see before . 	177
teenager be swim . 	three teenager swim . 	178
man ride he bike in the street . 	a young man ride he bicycle in the street . 	179
a toddler in a frilly dress show she joy . 	a woman dress in a colorful walk . 	180
the child in a jacket have a round toy . 	Woman connect shoe girl wear purple . 	181
a woman teach a young girl not to be afraid of puppy . 	a woman talk to the child . 	182
a man and child be ride a elephant . 	Woman and child ride a animal . 	183
three man be drink apple juice while on the beach . 	two man allowance be drink coffee on the opposite table . 	184
a group of people . 	threesome . 	185
people in a house 	people talk outside the home . 	186
the road be close down . 	sunset . 	187
two people kiss . 	two people be not kiss . 	188
a sad male be play electric guitar while wear a white hat . 	a man play electric guitar , wear a white hat . 	189
the beach be mainly isolate except for a few family and some rain 	some people in the jungle . 	190
a black mother and five child in a rural area 	a man with he son on a horse farm in the rural area . 	191
a woman be assist a runner by keep rain off of she and give she hydration . 	Woman wait for the rain with umbrella . 	192
the person be make fabric . 	there be someone with a cloth . 	193
Woman in shorts and a t-shirt with seat man , watch someone perform . 	woman wear shorts and a t-shirt short-sleeve stand by some of the man sit and watch a monitor or speaker . 	194
two adult swing high toward the camera at a playground park . 	atorjuhan two adult in the gaming area . 	195
a man be about to release a ball . 	a woman on the verge of throw a ball . 	196
people from a bike race . 	people in the cycling race . 	197
a young girl be throw food to some duck in a pond . 	a little girl run during feed the duck . 	198
a person swim underwater pose for a picture with some underwater vegetation . 	the man generally goofy underwater while swim in a pool . 	199
the tree have a dog near they . 	a man outside near the water 	200
two surfer be compete in the open water against each other . 	Kalban Ptsabakan with each other in the water . 	201
a man in shorts , a sweatshirt , and sneaker be mow the grass . 	a woman in a green shirt and black pants run . 	202
a woman be run on a lawn . 	people dress in white sit on a bicycle . 	203
City worker be helpful . 	help people abroad . 	204
a snowboarder wear a blue jacket and green pants run from a avalanche . 	a man wear a blue jacket and brown trousers walk on foot to the top of the mountain . 	205
the two kid be fight each other . 	atqatlan two child with each other . 	206
a man be give a speech and a woman be hold a cowboy hat . 	a man talk to a woman hold a cowboy hat . 	207
tall human push 	human a tall point 	208
a boy hold a float . 	a boy hold a rope . 	209
child listen to a teacher read a story . 	Children Aldgron listen to Professor attractive / attractive professor read the story . 	210
someone be try to trim the plant 	worker be do something for the tree . 	211
the old man be play a banjo . 	a man play the banjo abroad . 	212
nobody be wet 	Athbll man . 	213
the woman be play a game inside . 	a man play a game abroad . 	214
a woman hold a baby on a boat . 	a man by a woman on a boat . 	215
a ice skater practice 	attractive woman skate on the ice . 	216
a group of people stand in a courtyard on a tour look up at people out on balcony above . 	a group of young people sit on the sidewalk at night . 	217
a young girl . 	a little girl hold a little boy . 	218
the woman on the bike be ride fast . 	a man ride he bike and see the sunrise . 	219
people be walk in a long hallway with blue wall . 	many woman walk through the building tile Babaouat Bahia . 	220
a girl braid she hair . 	Woman twist she hair . 	221
the woman refuse to look at the old camera . 	woman want the child to look at the camera . 	222
man roller skate for a crowd to watch . 	the man jump Motocross while the crowd watch . 	223
the man be a the library . 	the man in the library . 	224
a little girl swimming in the ocean . 	a little boy swimming in the ocean . 	225
the man be flex he muscle . 	a man be flex its muscle . 	226
two man be fight over who get to speak into the microphone . 	two woman stand back to back . 	227
the man be do cartwheel down the street . 	a man walk down the street quickly . 	228
a groom and he wife kiss while pose for photo . 	bride stand for photo with member of she new husband 's family . 	229
dog on a mountainside with they head in the ground . 	the boy and the dog out of the park with a little snow still on the ground . 	230
the man with the beard be drive he car . 	black man drive with both hand on the steer wheel . 	231
it be rain very lightly . 	it be snow profusely 	232
two child dress as clown on rope perform with other child . 	two child dress as clown Atorjuhan on the rope over the other child , who be also in uniform . 	233
a homeless person be take a nap . 	a homeless person take a nap . 	234
a man be sit watch a parade of clown car . 	a man watch the procession . 	235
multiple people carry a sesame street float through the street for a parade . 	two people ride a drajatehma in the street with a person standing on the proximity of they on the sidewalk . 	236
two man hold cat . 	the three man chase a dog . 	237
a female be vault at the Olympics . 	gymnast in the competition . 	238
a man be eat some cake as he walk . 	it seem that a man get a lot of love from the great white shark . 	239
a man be rest from a wipeout he have due to a hard trick 	woman take a break . 	240
a person be check out building to buy . 	a man look at some of the food on a stick to buy for himself or for another person . 	241
the man be at the office . 	the man in the room be the director . 	242
a musician play guitar while sit . 	musician play the guitar . 	243
the biker be ride in a bike race . 	woman Arkpn bike in the road race . 	244
the Vons shopping cart be be load onto the truck by a man . 	a group of car park on the street . 	245
the chinese girl be play the guitar . 	two man play a guitar while they be on a boat . 	246
the person be hide under a umbrella . 	person under the umbrella . 	247
a woman and she kid be fly kite . 	a woman and she child fly kite in the rain . 	248
a man attempt to get good signal inside a internet cafe . 	the phone call someone on the sidewalk . 	249
two man learn to use they leg again . 	woman and man use they hand to make they point . 	250
