two men are crying 	Two men laughing . 	1
A tired businessman takes a quick nap while riding the train . 	A man finds time to take a nap in the electric car . 	2
A man working on a light that has been broken for a week . 	The women work hard on a crooked down . 	3
A man is attempting to fix the air compressor . 	A man uses a high-power hose to put out the fire . 	4
a twelve year old girl eats chocolate ice cream 	Girl eat ice cream . 	5
a man holds a pro Judea protest sign at a protest rally 	A man holds a sign of protest 	6
A woman holds a little boy wearing a blue sweatshirt . 	A woman carrying a child smiling , wearing a blue shirt . 	7
A bike riding blond child . 	The girl riding her bike . 	8
people are in the road 	People near the road 	9
The windows are tall . 	The windows open . 	10
A man is being chased by the police . 	Police arrest man 	11
A girl has binoculars 	A young girl carrying a camera 	12
Two people ride red bikes . 	Two men are leading the way to another 	13
Two people are standing next to each other wearing pink . 	There are three men , two of them wearing Qmichin Ohmaren Thertheran together 	14
A black woman is buying donuts at the store . 	Women look at the shampoo at a grocery store . 	15
The man works in the local market . 	A group of traders working in the market . 	16
A woman in red wears glasses and long earrings . 	Woman wearing glasses , big earrings , and a lid on her head . 	17
Skateboarder in midair at a park . 	Man outdoor skate park . 	18
a man working the kinks out of his old bones 	The man works in his hand 	19
A woman in a one-piece bathing suit with a man on a boardwalk on a foggy day . 	A man wearing a suit and a woman wearing a wedding dress walking on the sidewalk wet . 	20
A man in a blue shirt helping a man in a red shirt fix a car . 	A man with a blue shirt a red shirt helps a man to fit a bicycle path 	21
A girl kneels on the ground with her friend . 	Or stretched out on the ground with her son 	22
The gymnast is a few feet off the ground . 	Someone in the air with skis on his feet . 	23
Boy walks past man in orange overalls who is sweeping garbage from the street . 	Women carrying a black bag cross the street . 	24
Two men are trying to drink beer while tubing . 	Two women carrying drinks and two PAG . 	25
The man is riding a jet ski . 	Dog riding a plane . 	26
Girls are standing up . 	Girls stood by . 	27
men sitting on their couch while eating bull 	Two women Tjlsan to table their clothes resemble frogs 	28
A man is bending down in a park next to a woman on a bike . 	A man in a wheelchair walking down the sidewalk 	29
Two men on a platform 	Four men on the platform . 	30
The homeless man is alone in his box . 	Man Home Alone 	31
A bunch of people gathered on a beach . 	A group of people on the beach . 	32
The girl is sitting and drinking water . 	Sitting girl drink water . 	33
A lady shows a guy a reptile while another child is in the background . 	Girl picks up the image of an older in a wide garden Girl 	34
The people are not clapping . 	People all Aapson . 	35
Jockeys race the fast horses . 	Varsan Atsabakan on horseback . 	36
They are playing with an antique set . 	The men next to the table . 	37
The people are in the water . 	People in the water . 	38
A young man who looks Oriental is selling things . 	Like the young girl is not her shoe boots . 	39
A group of women practice yoga in the backyard of a yellow house . 	A group of people sitting in a swimsuit on a beach in yoga postures . 	40
The boy is ready to take a swing at a ball using a bat . 	A boy prepares to catch a ball . 	41
Four women wearing bicycle riding clothing sit on a bench . 	Two men sitting on the grass wearing bicycle helmets . 	42
The man is taking a picture of the Empire State Building . 	Women in the military . 	43
The people are sleeping in the snow . 	People in the snow . 	44
The insect is from Mars . 	Insect fly . 	45
A group of people eating outdoors . 	A group of people eat 	46
A teenage pole vaulter is performing . 	Slider performs a jump . 	47
The girl is learning how to use a microscope . 	An elderly woman showing how to use the washing table to do the laundry . 	48
Two men dressed in white shirts button down shirts , white hats , with blue scarves tied around their necks 	Three men dressed in red and white striped shirts , white shorts and black hats carrying flags . 	49
A man is that just purchased and put on a rainbow colored necklace and is very happy . 	A man and a child on the sand . 	50
The young boys are brothers . 	Neonates two little brothers . 	51
Two kids are in a field . 	Two dogs were working in a field 	52
There were only strawberries to eat at the baby shower . 	People at the ceremony newborn 	53
There is a bear in the jewelry store . 	Women in the store looking for things in supplies 	54
A man is holding a computer monitor . 	A man working in the window . 	55
the man is using a heat suit control the flame 	A man using a blowtorch to melt the plastic . 	56
Superman breaks down the sign so the group may pass 	Bull is trying to take a man 's back 	57
The people are standing in line at the water slide . 	A group of people look through the fence on the water and land covered by fog . 	58
A child is laying in a bed in a medical setting . 	Child in bed . 	59
A woman pops a bubble . 	Girl blowing bubble by stick 	60
The 2 drunk men are standing in the street getting ready for a fist fight . 	The man with the red shirt sitting in his car waiting for the rain to stop 	61
The dog is chasing a lizard . 	Dog chasing a ghost . 	62
A women and two children are walking between buildings in the rain with an umbrella . 	Two women in a field with no buildings surrounded by . 	63
A person asking for directions 	Someone asks for guidance . 	64
The woman is trying to make the man get up . 	Wife angry tourists from the man who can not work his mind . 	65
Roller blade cops are talking . 	Few men are leap background . 	66
A tall human falling 	Tall man jumped . 	67
A Chinese farmer is working in a rice field 	Asian farmer walking in a rice field with an ox . 	68
A father rides a horse while his daughter stands nearby . 	A man riding a bike , ride his daughter by his side . 	69
The men try to show the coach what they 're made of . 	Both men are at the wheel of commanded them to get the job done . 	70
a man smokes a cigarette . 	Woman smoking a cigarette 	71
A player catches the football in the end zone . 	Football player runs to the latter region . 	72
The band is performing on a stage . 	The band on stage . 	73
The beam is firmly in place . 	Proven lighting the lamp on the floor . 	74
The family gets a portrait taken 	The man picks up a picture of his girlfriend . 	75
A group of children are stretching . 	There are a group of children abroad . 	76
People walk by through a city juggling . 	People walk through the city . 	77
The man is walking by a mural . 	A man walks from the plate . 	78
A lone woman walks in the surf at the beach . 	A woman walks among the waves on the beach . 	79
A man in a white shirt and a woman in a black shirt riding a motorcycle . 	A man wearing jeans , a red shirt riding a motorcycle on the highway . 	80
Two men are searching for canned goods 	Two men peddling vegetables . 	81
A sharp looking man is cruising in the sunshine . 	A man offers tricks on a bike is very high in the air . 	82
a boy steals an apple alone 	A man with a game someone . 	83
A woman is training to be an expert shot with a pistol . 	A man uses a wheelchair talking in a field for a few women . 	84
A mother is cutting fabric into squares for a quilt . 	A woman cut off the canvas . 	85
The small boy is sleeping . 	There is a boy near the shoes . 	86
woman goes grocery shopping 	Woman grocery shopping 	87
the father plays catch with his son 	A father and his sons play basketball . 	88
A man cuts a melon . 	A man cut a cake . 	89
An asian woman with a microphone stands amongst a crowd of raised hands . 	A woman standing in a crowd of people in Asia . 	90
She is watching a movie inside . 	A man sitting and watching a movie . 	91
two black dogs on the beach 	Three black dogs on the beach . 	92
The man 's hands are full . 	Women wore their hands on the man 's head . 	93
Humans in shirts . 	Dog and chicken have the same colors . 	94
A woman is taking a break from reading her book . 	A young woman takes a photo during a short break from her job as a waitress . 	95
The man is waiting on someone by the building . 	Man standing building to wait for someone . 	96
A man is sleeping while the woman watches silently . 	An old sleeps naked on her own . 	97
A man plays piano with his shoes . 	A man plays the violin , smiling . 	98
Two kids having a snowball fight . 	Two girls Taataarcan padding . 	99
A girl is crying in the park . 	A baby crying in the garden . 	100
The man is playing a round of golf . 	Sad man in the game . 	101
A canine is in the field . 	The man in the field . 	102
A mountain biker jumps off of a fence while going downhill . 	Skater man steeper incline sharply . 	103
A woman uses a high tech sewing machine to make a scarf 	Woman using a sewing machine for garment . 	104
Group of black men loading luggage onto the top of a bus 	A group of men are loading the goods on the back of the car . 	105
An artist drawing . 	Artist paints . 	106
The people are not standing . 	All people are standing . 	107
Two guys are having lunch in a Chinese restaurant . 	Two women waiting for a meal in a restaurant . 	108
A boy is putting his black socks and shoes on his feet . 	Black boy take off his shoes . 	109
The man is standing next to a sheep . 	A man standing next to a dog . 	110
Young man in blue shirt peering through a large bubble . 	A man wearing a white shirt and sunglasses staring at the horizon . 	111
A woman sits fanning herself 	The red-haired woman sitting inside 	112
The blow-up figure is Karl Marx . 	A panel of Albert Einstein on a bear . 	113
A male and female worker is whipping up a meal . 	A man wearing female food Luna offers rosy . 	114
Workers are standing near the tracks . 	Two factors in the sun 	115
Two kids wearing cold clothing look happily down through a tire swing for a picture . 	Two children dressed in warm clothes looking at below them happily through the swing frames in order to take a picture . 	116
people walking a standing in a city park . 	People sitting in a public park . 	117
men sitting on steps with a dog 	Two men talking with another man in the balcony 	118
Two men with long hair sit on sofas . 	Two men dressed in black T-shirts put up a man a man under their laptops on the couch own . 	119
two children riding horses in a rural setting while playing lacrosse 	Girls tend to the house . 	120
A man tying his shoe at a beach . 	A man takes a break with his dog in a public park . 	121
Three people hang out on top of a big hill . 	A group of men in the back of a truck Al loud high 	122
A car is driving in the mud . 	The man in the truck driven away . 	123
A little boy got his pants wet . 	The boy wet his pants . 	124
A group of women yelling at a man . 	Two men shouting at a woman in the market . 	125
the woman was driving fast 	Men , nor the beasts thereof in speedboat 	126
Two men chatting about a bank heist . 	A group of men were gathered around a broken Below are a car . 	127
The person is dead . 	Person dead . 	128
a group of basketball players trying to get the ball from another player . 	Basketball player trying to take the ball from another . 	129
Two girls are reading books outside . 	Three girls keratosis books . 	130
A boy in a black t-shirt gets ready to throw . 	Toddler gets a black horse . 	131
A snowboarder jumping high . 	Skater jumps aloft while he is on a skateboard . 	132
Child playing with a hula hoop in his home 	A child plays Bhola hop . 	133
The man is woman are in a relationship . 	Women talking . 	134
An audience at a concert . 	Representative on stage at the ceremony 	135
the adults are inside 	Adults are sitting at home . 	136
There is a group of young men playing instruments . 	There are a group of men playing music . 	137
A baby is chewing on his fingers while wearing a cute blue striped outfit . 	A small girl wearing a red shirt and jacket inflated bubble in a big stick . 	138
There are only two athletes 	Some men running 	139
The girl is a starving , homeless child in Africa , and missionaries have given her bread to eat . 	A man offers food for children . 	140
A man in a green shirt making a cup . 	A man carrying a blue shirt Cuba . 	141
An older woman had a cart full of groceries . 	Man driving his cart full of purchases . 	142
A man carrying steel beams across a lumberyard . 	Furniture sits inside a moving truck on a slope . 	143
The food the child is eating is sweet . 	The boy eats food . 	144
a player throwing a ball is tackled by another 	A player throws a ball . 	145
Black dog playing with toys 	A young boy Btaban short red laughs . 	146
The elderly man is resting on his bicycle . 	The man sits waiting for his role . 	147
Man sitting at the end of a row of green chairs by some payphones . 	People are folding chairs look of a cliff . 	148
The people are doing the back stroke . 	People are taking a break . 	149
The woman is wearing a uniform 	Woman wearing a hat . 	150
The carpenter is taking a break . 	Al-Najjar was taking a break . 	151
A baby in pink is held . 	Woman Ford is food for children in blue sitting under the table . 	152
Someone is dressed in clothing and putting her face in front of a talking tube . 	Woman green shirt and carrying a camera and surrounded by a group of people . 	153
A brown dog with a blue collar is running . 	Brown dog wearing a blue gasket being on the grass . 	154
Two dogs are playing in a yard . 	Two dogs playing in the park . 	155
A dog with a Frisbee in its mouth is running through snow . 	A dog is being built in the snow dish bird in his mouth . 	156
Two women standing near the subway 	There are three women standing at the bus station . 	157
This marketplace features multiple vendors selling fruits , vegetables , and other items . 	Fruit market center offers artichokes , and many different types of fruit . 	158
Man sleeps outside store 	A man sleeps outside . 	159
The man is racing down the mountain . 	The man skating down the mountain . 	160
Four Mormons walking along the beach . 	Two people walking along the beach . 	161
A man in a black swimming suit is holding onto the edge of a in ground pool . 	Woman suit pool stick to the edge of the swimming pool . 	162
The man is using a shopping cart . 	A man walks through the Wal-Mart with a cart full of things . 	163
People walk beside a stone wall . 	A man walks down the corridor of a set of interfaces shops . 	164
A man play football in the park . 	A man plays football in the park . 	165
Two young individuals are playing drummer boys using soda cans and drumsticks 	Two children playing with knives . 	166
A man is sleeping with a small dog . 	A man with a small dog . 	167
The jeep crashes onto some rocks . 	Many of the cars parked on a mountain . 	168
A band performs on a sidewalk . 	Band playing on the sidewalk . 	169
The boy had a black hat and red shirt on while skateboarding . 	A young boy wearing a blue shirt and red hat afternoon . 	170
The young man is jumping . 	A little boy jumps . 	171
A reader is telling the children a story 	A person reading a book . 	172
A man with a suit and a name tag is sitting outside , waiting to start a presentation . 	Woman suit talking to a man on a bench . 	173
Boy laughs while playing in mud puddle . 	A boy wearing the pool screaming while being sprayed with water . 	174
a man examining plants 	The man cultivated plants . 	175
The children stole a bike 	A woman in a white bikini driving a bicycle , and people walking and driving behind her . 	176
A man stops for a picture with the scenery during his hike . 	A man takes a picture of the view never seen before . 	177
Teenagers are swimming . 	Three teenagers swimming . 	178
Man riding his bike in the street . 	A young man riding his bicycle in the street . 	179
A toddler in a frilly dress shows her joy . 	A woman dressed in a colorful walk . 	180
The child in a jacket has a round toy . 	Woman connecting shoe girl wearing purple . 	181
A woman teaching a young girl not to be afraid of puppies . 	A woman talks to the children . 	182
A man and child are riding an elephant . 	Woman and child riding an animal . 	183
Three men are drinking apple juice while on the beach . 	Two men allowances been drinking coffee on the opposite tables . 	184
A group of people . 	threesome . 	185
people in a house 	People talk outside the home . 	186
The road is closed down . 	sunsets . 	187
Two people kissing . 	Two people were not kissing . 	188
A sad male is playing electric guitar while wearing a white hat . 	A man playing electric guitar , wearing a white hat . 	189
the beach is mainly isolated except for a few families and some rain 	Some people in the jungle . 	190
A black mother and five children in a rural area 	A man with his son on a horse farm in the rural areas . 	191
A woman is assisting a runner by keeping rain off of her and giving her hydration . 	Woman waiting for the rain with umbrella . 	192
The person is making fabric . 	There is someone with a cloth . 	193
Woman in shorts and a t-shirt with seated men , watching someone perform . 	Women wear shorts and a T-shirt short-sleeve stand by some of the men sitting and watching a monitor or speaker . 	194
Two adults swing high toward the camera at a playground park . 	Atorjuhan two adults in the gaming area . 	195
A man is about to release a ball . 	A woman on the verge of throwing a ball . 	196
People from a bike race . 	People in the cycling race . 	197
A young girl is throwing food to some ducks in a pond . 	A little girl running during feed the ducks . 	198
A person swimming underwater poses for a picture with some underwater vegetation . 	The man generally goofy underwater while swimming in a pool . 	199
The trees had a dog near them . 	A man outside near the water 	200
Two surfers are competing in the open water against each other . 	Kalban Ptsabakan with each other in the water . 	201
A man in shorts , a sweatshirt , and sneakers is mowing the grass . 	A woman in a green shirt and black pants running . 	202
A woman is running on a lawn . 	People dressed in white sitting on a bicycle . 	203
City workers are helpful . 	Help people abroad . 	204
A snowboarder wearing a blue jacket and green pants running from an avalanche . 	A man wearing a blue jacket and brown trousers walking on foot to the top of the mountain . 	205
The two kids are fighting each other . 	Atqatlan two children with each other . 	206
A man is giving a speech and a woman is holding a cowboy hat . 	A man talking to a woman holding a cowboy hat . 	207
Tall humans pushing 	Humans a tall point 	208
A boy holding a float . 	A boy holds a rope . 	209
Children listen to a teacher read a story . 	Children Aldgron listen to Professor attractive / attractive professor read the story . 	210
Someone is trying to trim the plants 	Workers are doing something for the tree . 	211
The old man is playing a banjo . 	A man playing the banjo abroad . 	212
Nobody is wet 	Athbll man . 	213
The woman is playing a game inside . 	A man playing a game abroad . 	214
A woman holds a baby on a boat . 	A man by a woman on a boat . 	215
An ice skater practices 	Attractive woman skate on the ice . 	216
A group of people standing in a courtyard on a tour looking up at people out on balconies above . 	A group of young people sitting on the sidewalk at night . 	217
A young girl . 	A little girl holding a little boy . 	218
The woman on the bike was riding fast . 	A man riding his bike and saw the sunrise . 	219
People are walking in a long hallway with blue walls . 	Many women walk through the building tiled Babaouat Bahia . 	220
A girl braiding her hair . 	Woman twisted her hair . 	221
The woman refused to look at the old camera . 	Women want the child to look at the camera . 	222
Man roller skates for a crowd to watch . 	The man jumps Motocross while the crowd watched . 	223
The man is a the library . 	The man in the library . 	224
A little girl swimming in the ocean . 	A little boy swimming in the ocean . 	225
The man is flexing his muscles . 	A man is flexing its muscles . 	226
Two men are fighting over who gets to speak into the microphone . 	Two women standing back to back . 	227
The man is doing cartwheels down the street . 	A man walks down the street quickly . 	228
A groom and his wife kiss while posing for photos . 	Bride stand for photos with members of her new husband 's family . 	229
Dogs on a mountainside with their heads in the ground . 	The boy and the dog out of the park with a little snow still on the ground . 	230
The man with the beard is driving his car . 	Black man driving with both hands on the steering wheel . 	231
It is raining very lightly . 	It 's snowing profusely 	232
Two children dressed as clowns on ropes performing with other children . 	Two children dressed as clowns Atorjuhan on the ropes over the other children , who are also in uniform . 	233
A homeless person is taking a nap . 	A homeless person takes a nap . 	234
A man is sitting watching a parade of clown cars . 	A man watching the procession . 	235
Multiple people carry a sesame street float through the streets for a parade . 	Two people riding a Drajatehma in the street with a person standing on the proximity of them on the sidewalk . 	236
two men holding cats . 	The three men chasing a dog . 	237
A female is vaulting at the Olympics . 	Gymnast in the competition . 	238
A man is eating some cake as he walks . 	It seems that a man gets a lot of love from the great white shark . 	239
A man is resting from a wipeout he had due to a hard trick 	Women take a break . 	240
A person is checking out buildings to buy . 	A man looks at some of the food on a stick to buying for himself or for another person . 	241
The man is at the office . 	The man in the room is the director . 	242
A musician plays guitar while sitting . 	Musician plays the guitar . 	243
The biker is riding in a bike race . 	Women Arkpn bike in the road race . 	244
The Vons shopping carts are being loaded onto the truck by a man . 	A group of cars parked on the street . 	245
The Chinese girl was playing the guitar . 	Two men play a guitar while they are on a boat . 	246
The person is hiding under an umbrella . 	Person under the umbrella . 	247
A woman and her kids are flying kites . 	A woman and her children fly kites in the rain . 	248
A man attempts to get good signal inside an internet cafe . 	The phone call someone on the sidewalk . 	249
Two men learning to use their legs again . 	Women and men use their hands to make their point . 	250
