render one language in another language 	restate -lrb- word -rrb- from one language into another language . 	1
nation unify by share interest , history or institution 	a group of nation have common interest . 	2
convert into absorbable substance , -lrb- as if -rrb- with heat or chemical process 	soften or disintegrate by means of chemical action , heat , or moisture . 	3
devote or adapt exclusively to a skill , study , or work 	devote oneself to a special area of work . 	4
elevated wooden porch of a house 	a porch that resemble the deck on a ship . 	5
either half of a archery bow 	either of the two half of a bow from handle to tip . 	6
a removable device that be a accessory to larger object 	a supplementary part or accessory . 	7
restrict or confine 	place limit on -lrb- extent or access -rrb- . 	8
orient , be position 	be opposite . 	9
bring back to life , return from the dead 	cause to become alive again . 	10
anything illusory , not concrete or real 	something with no concrete substance . 	11
a name or trait that identify a product or type of thing 	a name give to a product or service . 	12
the processing or operation of something 	a set sequence of step , part of larger computer program . 	13
line , cover 	cover the front or surface of . 	14
determine a standard ; estimate a capacity or measurement 	estimate the value of . 	15
a interpretation , a account or reading of a event or situation 	a mental representation of the meaning or significance of something . 	16
festive social event , celebration 	a occasion on which people can assemble for social interaction and entertainment . 	17
make fine adjustment to for optimal operation ; adjust to a certain scale . 	make fine adjustment or divide into marked interval for optimal measuring . 	18
a short lyric or poem intend to be sing 	a narrative song with a recurrent refrain . 	19
effectively wield or manipulate a concrete entity 	handle effectively . 	20
employ or become employ in a position 	appoint someone to -lrb- a position or a job -rrb- . 	21
group of people define by a specific profession 	organization of performer and associate personnel -lrb- especially theatrical -rrb- . 	22
storage cabinet furniture 	office furniture consist of a container for keep papers in order . 	23
signal -lrb- approval or interest -rrb- by wink ; briefly shut one eye . 	signal by wink . 	24
capital stock in a corporation 	any of the equal portion into which the capital stock of a corporation be divide and ownership of which be evidence by a stock certificate . 	25
prove or corroborate 	establish or strengthen as with new evidence or fact . 	26
-lrb- the content of -rrb- a communication . 	a communication -lrb- usually brief -rrb- that be write or speak or signal . 	27
a partial denture 	a denture anchor to tooth on either side of miss tooth . 	28
move to a lower position , terminate something 	terminate a association with . 	29
flow , as of liquid 	reduce or cause to be reduce from a solid to a liquid state , usually by heating . 	30
seal , insulate or protect 	treat the body or any part of it by wrap it , as with blanket or sheet , and apply compress to it , or stuff it to provide cover , containment , or therapy , or to absorb blood . 	31
scar physically ; create a mark on someone or something 	make underscore mark . 	32
surround completely ; close in , as if with a cover or border . 	surround completely . 	33
the act or event of end a process , state , situation 	the end of a word -lrb- a suffix or inflectional end or final morpheme -rrb- . 	34
the price of a good or service 	a assertion that someone be guilty of a fault or offence . 	35
depict or portray in art , word , or model 	create a image or likeness of . 	36
travel in or be shape like a zigzag 	bend into the shape of a crank . 	37
Annoy , harass , or mock , perhaps playfully . 	mock or make fun of playfully . 	38
-lrb- cause to -rrb- smell bad . 	be extremely bad in quality or in one 's performance . 	39
social ranking or position 	the relative position or standing of thing or especially person in a society . 	40
ponder , consider , observe carefully 	consider in detail and subject to a analysis in order to discover essential feature or meaning . 	41
persuade or achieve acceptance 	persuade somebody to accept something . 	42
physical matter leave behind after a removal process 	matter that remain after something have be remove . 	43
any tall , vertical shape 	anything that approximate the shape of a column or tower . 	44
physically inflate 	become inflated . 	45
heavy radioactive metallic element , atomic number 92 	a heavy toxic silvery-white radioactive metallic element ; occur in many isotope ; use for nuclear fuel and nuclear weapon . 	46
complain about something or say mean thing to someone . 	say mean thing . 	47
care about , be bother by , be concern by 	be offend or bother by ; take offense with , be bother by . 	48
the tally point of a game , at a give time 	a number that express the accomplishment of a team or a individual in a game or contest . 	49
edit so as to block the truth ; prevent distribution 	subject to political , religious , or moral censorship . 	50
a casual , brief meeting with someone 	a casual or unexpected convergence . 	51
a electrical connection between conductor and earth 	a connection between a electrical device and a large conduct body , such as the earth -lrb- which be take to be at zero voltage -rrb- . 	52
a agent 's act of terminate a activity or event 	the act of end something . 	53
notable or famous person -lrb- real or fictional -rrb- 	a well-known or notable person . 	54
a person who manipulate or control a device or machine 	a agent that operate some apparatus or machine . 	55
find , determine the place of 	determine or indicate the place , site , or limit of , as if by a instrument or by a survey . 	56
to engage in plot or activity of a illegal or deceitful nature 	act in unison or agreement and in secret towards a deceitful or illegal purpose . 	57
be equivalent , have the same effect as something 	be tantamount or equivalent to . 	58
-lrb- cause to -rrb- survive 	cause to move by pull . 	59
the money 	a voluntary gift -lrb- as of money or service or idea -rrb- make to some worthwhile cause . 	60
a sudden emotional vocalization 	a loud utterance of emotion -lrb- especially when inarticulate -rrb- . 	61
go back , restore , revive 	go back to a previous state . 	62
settlement of people distant from they homeland 	a body of people who settle far from home but maintain tie with they homeland ; inhabitant remain national of they home state but be not literally under the home state 's system of government . 	63
-lrb- the discovery or exhibition of -rrb- factual evidence that establish the truth of something . 	a formal series of statement show that if one thing be true something else necessarily follow from it . 	64
enter a realm , become involve with 	cause to move ; cause to be in a certain position or condition . 	65
a project or undertaking 	earnest and conscientious activity intend to do or accomplish something . 	66
a standardized system of measurement for heaviness 	a system of unit use to express the weight of something . 	67
a concern or affair 	some situation or event that be think about . 	68
have a strong sexual attraction to 	feel or have a desire for ; want strongly . 	69
a surrogate expression , utterance for a taboo word 	a blank character use to separate successive word in write or print . 	70
facility for secure storage of thing , often money 	a facility where thing can be deposit for storage or safekeeping . 	71
emit or cause to emit noise 	make a certain noise or sound . 	72
make physical contact with , possibly with the effect of physically manipulate . 	cause to be in brief contact with . 	73
find out or be inform of a new information , understand or realize 	get to know or become aware of , usually accidentally . 	74
head of a country 	the chief executive of a republic . 	75
touch with the lip . 	touch with the lip or press the lip -lrb- against someone 's mouth or other body part -rrb- as a expression of love , greet , etc. . . 	76
a natural physical force of draw towards something 	the force use in pull . 	77
a change which be a decrease 	a gradual decrease ; as of store charge or current . 	78
a evaluation , a estimation of worth , a grade 	a number or letter indicate quality -lrb- especially of a student 's performance -rrb- . 	79
have responsibility for manage or supervise 	a impetuous rush toward someone or something . 	80
fail or suffer failure 	suffer failure , as in some enterprise . 	81
a abundance of something 	the property of copious abundance . 	82
a authoritative text or the corresponding citation . 	a short note recognize a source of information or of a quote passage . 	83
a instance of visual perception . 	-lrb- often follow by ` of ' -rrb- a large number or amount or extent . 	84
fluctuate , move back and forth 	sway to and fro . 	85
the alleviation of distress 	a change for the better . 	86
a ceremony mark admission into a religious community . 	a sacrament admit a baptize person to full participation in the church . 	87
a social gesture of deferential greet 	a courteous expression -lrb- by word or deed -rrb- of esteem or regard . 	88
move to a new location , state , or situation 	cause -lrb- a computer -rrb- to execute a single command . 	89
Change one for another 	give to , and receive from , one another . 	90
a full stop , as a punctuation mark 	a punctuation mark -lrb- . -rrb- place at the end of a declarative sentence to indicate a full stop or after abbreviation . 	91
something that be crave 	something crave , especially a intravenous injection of a narcotic drug . 	92
to grow rapidly 	increase rapidly and in a uncontrolled manner . 	93
speak in a high-pitched tone of voice , as either a animal or human might . 	make high-pitched sound . 	94
domesticated animal keep for use or profit 	a special variety of domesticated animal within a species . 	95
a discipline , a branch of knowledge 	the discipline that record and interpret past event involve human being . 	96
a person who be aggressively pursue , chase 	a person who be the aim of a attack -lrb- especially a victim of ridicule or exploitation -rrb- by some hostile person or influence . 	97
personnel casualty 	military personnel lose by death or capture . 	98
escape or avoid a situation or responsibility 	use cunning or deceit to escape or avoid . 	99
a relative loss in price , value 	a loss entail by give up or sell something at less than its value . 	100
a measurable or quantitative decrease 	a sudden sharp decrease in some quantity . 	101
Change the key , pitch , tone , or volume of , likely for aesthetic reason . 	change the key of , in music . 	102
a write message of nonacceptance 	a message refuse to accept something that be offer . 	103
-lrb- cause to -rrb- stop speak or bring about silence 	move so that a opening or passage be obstruct ; make shut . 	104
injure , scratch the surface 	cut the surface of ; wear away the surface of . 	105
a plant structure near the top of the plant . 	a fruiting structure resemble a umbrella or a cone that form the top of a stalk fleshy fungus such as a mushroom . 	106
a write list of particular thing be offer 	a list of particulars -lrb- as a playbill or bill of fare -rrb- . 	107
a notational mark use in write , diacritic 	a diacritical mark use to indicate stress or place above a vowel to indicate a special pronunciation . 	108
the state of believe in , or have confidence in , something or someone 	the trait of believe in the honesty and reliability of other . 	109
a attempt or effort to achieve a goal 	a attempt to get something . 	110
increase in amount , extent , or intensity 	go up or advance . 	111
clean , wash thoroughly 	clean with hard rubbing . 	112
compress out of shape or into small piece 	become injure , break , or distort by pressure . 	113
point or direct object , weapon , or blow at something or someone 	point or cause to go -lrb- blow , weapon , or object such as photographic equipment -rrb- towards . 	114
employ or utilize , put into service 	give or convey physically . 	115
spin , wind , braid , or twist together , perhaps as when perform lacework . 	do lacework . 	116
a decorative container , often for hold flower 	a open jar of glass or porcelain use as a ornament or to hold flower . 	117
preserve , keep in safety , use frugally 	preserve with sugar . 	118
a open motorboat use for transport 	a motorboat with a open deck or a half deck . 	119
a process of development , increase or advancement 	a process of become larger or longer or more numerous or more important . 	120
make sure of . 	be careful or certain to do something ; make certain of something . 	121
supply or furnish with something need or want 	give something useful or necessary to . 	122
a sharp bladed instrument for shave off hair 	edge tool use in shaving . 	123
learn , assimilate a body of knowledge 	learn by read book . 	124
support ; hold up ; nurture or provide for 	lengthen or extend in duration or space . 	125
keep away , prevent from happen , or not do something 	refrain from do something . 	126
something that provide advice . 	something that provide direction or advice as to a decision or course of action . 	127
the act of copy the action of someone else . 	a representation of a person that be exaggerate for comic effect . 	128
a physical entity 	a separate and self-contained entity . 	129
lessen in force , impact , or effect 	make less severe or harsh . 	130
a judgement or opinion about something 	a judgment of the quality of something or somebody . 	131
flog or whip 	beat severely with a whip or rod . 	132
act , form , or progress accord to a plan or ideal 	shape or influence ; give direction to . 	133
Germinate , as in a plant . 	produce bud , branch , or germinate . 	134
social sphere , scope of activity or interest 	a particular environment or walk of life . 	135
a static vertical layout , e.g. text or number 	a vertical array of number or other information . 	136
recognize , be familar or well-versed with 	be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information ; possess knowledge or information about . 	137
a portrayal of someone or something , through word or behavior 	any likeness of a person , in any medium . 	138
a device to control the rate of some activity , e.g. , chemical or mechanical 	any of various control or device for regulate or control fluid flow , pressure , temperature , etc. . . 	139
form a aesthetic or conceptual whole . 	cause to form a unite , orderly , and aesthetically consistent whole . 	140
human leg , informal usage 	informal term for the leg . 	141
goal or objective 	the goal intend to be attain -lrb- and which be believe to be attainable -rrb- . 	142
protect from heat , cold , or other detrimental condition 	place or set apart . 	143
a allotment or percentage of something 	asset belong to or due to or contribute by a individual person or group . 	144
something that attain victory 	a event that accomplish its intended purpose . 	145
line up or make parallel ; bring into proper adjustment 	place in a line or arrange so as to be parallel or straight . 	146
a home furnish that be a fabric cover 	bedclothes consist of a lightweight cloth cover -lrb- a afghan or bedspread -rrb- that be casually throw over something . 	147
mesh frame over window and door 	a protective cover consist of net ; can be mount in a frame . 	148
a measure of the likelihood or probability of a event 	a measure of how likely it be that some event will occur ; a number express the ratio of favorable case to the whole number of case possible . 	149
anyone who judge or find fault with something . 	someone who frequently find fault or make harsh and unfair judgment . 	150
the rescue or release of someone , something 	recovery or preservation from loss or danger . 	151
observe , perceive 	observe with care or pay close attention to . 	152
limit , keep under control , deter , forbid 	to compel or deter by or as if by threat . 	153
stick out , jut out , protrude 	extend out or project in space . 	154
to act as the host of 	be the host of or for . 	155
put a end to , make invalid a process that be already begin 	make invalid for use . 	156
enjoy , be fond of or approve 	feel about or towards ; consider , evaluate , or regard . 	157
per centum 	a proportion in relation to a whole -lrb- which be usually the amount per hundred -rrb- . 	158
a approximate attribute or quality of something 	a approximate definition or example . 	159
the act of have and control property . 	the state or fact of be a owner . 	160
a physical protuberance , large or small 	a natural elevation -lrb- especially a rocky one that jut out into the sea -rrb- . 	161
estimate or calculate the numerical value of something 	evaluate or estimate the nature , quality , ability , extent , or significance of . 	162
a portion or percentage of a whole 	the part play by a person in bring about a result . 	163
lightest most abundant element , atomic number 1 	a nonmetallic univalent element that be normally a colorless and odorless highly flammable diatomic gas ; the simplest and lightest and most abundant element in the universe . 	164
a unit cost of something 	a single chance or instance . 	165
move back and forth 	move or sway in a rise and fall or wavelike pattern . 	166
a cyclical span of time define by a calendar system 	a period of time contain 365 -lrb- or 366 -rrb- day . 	167
face a event and survive ; endure 	face and withstand with courage . 	168
-lrb- medicine -rrb- the capacity of a organism to defend against disease . 	-lrb- medicine -rrb- the condition in which a organism can resist disease . 	169
a statement , a idea express in language 	a brief statement . 	170
perform a duty 	do duty or hold office ; serve in a specific function . 	171
soldier who be a member of a special force group 	a member of a military unit train as shock troops for hit-and-run raid . 	172
become master of , overcome , dominate 	get on top of ; deal with successfully . 	173
area of damage , cut tissue on a living body 	a casualty to military personnel result from combat . 	174
revolve 	change direction as if revolve on a pivot . 	175
twice the quantity or amount of something 	a quantity that be twice as great as another . 	176
give a incentive for action , provoke or stir up , urge on , or cause to act . 	provoke or stir up . 	177
funeral direction 	the trade of a funeral director . 	178
to ignite or catch on fire 	catch fire . 	179
a large approximate quantity of some attribute or thing 	a concentrated example of something . 	180
Medicines 	a substance that be use as a medicine or narcotic . 	181
a method for solve a problem 	the successful action of solve a problem . 	182
reach a objective , attain a benchmark or goal 	develop in a positive way . 	183
take something or someone away from somewhere 	go away or leave . 	184
a stiffener in a garment 	-lrb- nautical -rrb- brace consist of a heavy rope or wire cable use as a support for a mast or spar . 	185
a construct underground passageway 	a passageway through or under something , usually underground -lrb- especially one for train or car -rrb- . 	186
discern , identify , or know because of a previous experience 	be fully aware or cognizant of . 	187
move or change one 's own position or quality 	move very slightly . 	188
incorporate or enclose one thing in another 	incorporate a food ingredient into a mixture by repeatedly turn it over without stir or beat . 	189
guide , draw through 	pass over , across , or through . 	190
rescue , redeem , deliver from harm or danger 	refrain from harm . 	191
beat -lrb- as if -rrb- with a whip or rod 	strike as if by whipping . 	192
the medical procedure of manually turn the uterus 	manual turning of a fetus in the uterus -lrb- usually to aid delivery -rrb- . 	193
create a edge or border 	enclose in or as if in a frame . 	194
restart or continue a activity after a interruption or pause 	take up or begin anew . 	195
capture , ensnare , discover in the act 	discover or come upon accidentally , suddenly , or unexpectedly ; catch somebody do something or in a certain state . 	196
initiation , founding , introduction of something 	the act of start something for the first time ; introduce something new . 	197
a creased or bent form 	a angular or rounded shape make by folding . 	198
train , tutor or polish social behavior , taste , judgement 	teach or refine to be discriminative in taste or judgment . 	199
a mental activity of construe or interpret 	a interpretation of a text or action . 	200
emphasize ; draw attention to ; underline 	draw a line or line underneath to call attention to . 	201
possibility for the future 	a prediction of the course of a disease . 	202
require or need something that be miss 	have need of . 	203
a indication or manifestation of something , often physical 	a indication of damage . 	204
a sudden , brief burst of light 	a momentary brightness . 	205
come or bring back to life , health , existence or use 	cause to regain consciousness . 	206
a mental state of sadness . 	a mental state characterize by a pessimistic sense of inadequacy and a despondent lack of activity . 	207
position or location change 	the act of change the location of something . 	208
-lrb- cause to -rrb- move through a space , circuit or system , usu . return to the start point 	move in circle . 	209
bring in to consonance 	bring -lrb- several thing -rrb- into consonance or relate harmoniously . 	210
submit , send to 	cause to move ; cause to be in a certain position or condition . 	211
state of be unify 	the state of be join or unite or link . 	212
-lrb- cause to -rrb- become different or aquire a different character , possibly during development . 	become distinct and acquire a different character . 	213
a objective or goal 	the goal intend to be attain -lrb- and which be believe to be attainable -rrb- . 	214
seize and take captive ; take or gain possession of something 	take possession of by force , as after a invasion . 	215
give , dedicate , pledge 	give entirely to a specific person , activity , or cause . 	216
decide a specific time for a event 	make a schedule ; plan the time and place for event . 	217
value a thing or course of action more highly than another 	like better ; value more highly . 	218
give something for a cause 	give to a charity or good cause . 	219
furnish with a guideline 	furnish with rubric or regulate by rubric . 	220
a social entreaty , as courtship or plead 	a petition or appeal make to a person of superior status or rank . 	221
fail in strength or health and cease to funtion 	break down , literally or metaphorically . 	222
reply verbally or in written form to a question , comment , letter , or speech 	react verbally . 	223
a slight cut in a physical surface 	a slight surface cut -lrb- especially a notch that be make to keep a tally -rrb- . 	224
cause something to be the case 	cause to move ; cause to be in a certain position or condition . 	225
a state of confinement in a small space 	the act of force yourself -lrb- or be force -rrb- into or through a restricted space . 	226
state or explain the meaning 	give a definition for the meaning of a word . 	227
cause animal to move 	pursue for food or sport -lrb- as of wild animal -rrb- . 	228
be against , resist 	act against or in opposition to . 	229
a quantity of money add to a bank account 	money deposit in a bank or some similar institution . 	230
cause to come into existence ; create 	bring into be . 	231
Performance , routine 	a short theatrical performance that be part of a longer program . 	232
people assemble together in a rhythmic movement 	a party of people assemble for dancing . 	233
a computer server 	-lrb- computer science -rrb- a computer that provide client station with access to file and printer as share resource to a computer network . 	234
forbid , prohibit 	forbid the public distribution of -lrb- a movie or a newspaper -rrb- . 	235
computer text file 	-lrb- computer science -rrb- a computer file that contain text -lrb- and possibly format instruction -rrb- use seven-bit ASCII character . 	236
a speech act of acknowledge gratitude for something 	a acknowledgment of appreciation . 	237
a state of pretend to be someone , something else 	a outward semblance that misrepresent the true nature of something . 	238
become widespread as a idea or feeling . 	cause to become widely know . 	239
connect with ; reach a target or goal 	perceive with the sens quickly , suddenly , or momentarily . 	240
income collect as tax by a government 	government income due to taxation . 	241
be the decide factor in a state of affair or a outcome 	shape or influence ; give direction to . 	242
end 	put a end to . 	243
a region allocate to hold something 	the particular portion of space occupy by something . 	244
acknowledge a contribution or cause 	have trust in ; trust in the truth or veracity of . 	245
arrangement 	logical or comprehensible arrangement of separate element . 	246
system of arrangement 	a arrangement scheme . 	247
close within bound ; deprive of freedom 	to close within bound , limit or hold back from movement . 	248
to collect , acquire or gather 	get or gather together . 	249
deliver a formal talk or reprimand at length 	censure severely or angrily . 	250
a pair of mate people , e.g. , marry 	a pair of people who live together . 	251
rot ; become unfit for consumption 	become unfit for consumption or use . 	252
lock with one another 	become engage or intermesh with one another . 	253
take vow , join or allow to join a religious order 	take vow , as in religious order . 	254
activity of selling 	the general activity of selling . 	255
give out , allow to have 	allow to have . 	256
secondary public school , grade 9-12 	a public secondary school usually include grade 9 through 12 . 	257
Benjamin Rush , physician and american Revolutionary leader . 	physician and american Revolutionary leader ; signer of the declaration of independence -lrb- 1745-1813 -rrb- . 	258
luggage compartment of a car 	british term for the luggage compartment in a car . 	259
have a monopoly of ; control fully 	have or exploit a monopoly of . 	260
reduce to a simpler molecular compound 	reduce -lrb- petroleum -rrb- to a simpler compound by crack . 	261
cause to be interested 	attract ; cause to be enamored . 	262
to remain emotionally or intellectually attach without necessary physical contact . 	to remain emotionally or intellectually attach . 	263
the act of transport goods commerically at rate cheaper than express rate . 	transport goods commercially at rate cheaper than express rate . 	264
-lrb- a occurance of -rrb- the preservation or management of natural resource . 	the preservation and careful management of the environment and of natural resource . 	265
remove the pod , husk or shell 	fall out of the pod or husk . 	266
abstain from eat or from certain food 	abstain from eating . 	267
feel hot or painful , as if burning 	feel hot or painful . 	268
-lrb- cause to -rrb- return after be refuse 	come back after be refuse . 	269
a loss of function 	loss of ability to function normally . 	270
administrator , one who control resource 	someone who control resource and expenditure . 	271
a stovetop , cooking appliance 	a kitchen appliance use for cooking food . 	272
rinse one 's mouth with mouthwash , gargle 	rinse one 's mouth and throat with mouthwash . 	273
a quantity that be a approximate calculation 	a approximate calculation of quantity or degree or worth . 	274
turn on a axis ; spin 	turn on or around a axis or a center . 	275
marriage offer 	a offer of marriage . 	276
try to gain favor by flattering or show submission or fear . 	show submission or fear . 	277
the public submission of a legal record 	the enter of a legal document into the public record . 	278
Shrivel , wither , or mature imperfectly , as of a flower . 	shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly . 	279
have faith in , bet on 	have faith or confidence in . 	280
burst into flame -lrb- telic -rrb- 	start to burn or burst into flame . 	281
the cognitive process and capacity to remember . 	the cognitive process whereby past experience be remember . 	282
mechanism that control the water level in a section of canal 	enclosure consist of a section of canal that can be close to control the water level ; use to raise or lower vessel that pass through it . 	283
a onerous worry or concern 	a onerous or difficult concern . 	284
someone or something that be the agent of fulfil desire expectation 	someone -lrb- or something -rrb- on which expectation be center . 	285
a sharp side of a object 	a sharp side form by the intersection of two surface of a object . 	286
the forceful hit of a ball 	hit a golf ball off of a tee with a driver . 	287
fine powdery material ; the remains of something destroy or break up . 	the remains of something that have be destroy or break up . 	288
throw with force 	utter with force ; utter vehemently . 	289
treat a substance with some agent ; add a agent to . 	treat with a agent ; add -lrb- a agent -rrb- to . 	290
pass through the esophagus 	pass through the esophagus as part of eating or drinking . 	291
move freely -lrb- usually within a bounded space -rrb- 	cause to move or operate freely within a bounded space . 	292
secrete or form water 	secrete or form water , as tear or saliva . 	293
the state of be in contact 	the state of be connect . 	294
a variant of a musical theme which employ note of reduce duration from the original theme 	the statement of a theme in note of lesser duration -lrb- usually half the length of the original -rrb- . 	295
time to come 	the time yet to come . 	296
the legal state of owe money 	the state of owe something -lrb- especially money -rrb- . 	297
a style and size of typeset 	a specific size and style of type within a type family . 	298
demand , ask for , or take as one 's due 	demand as be one 's due or property ; assert one 's right or title to . 	299
cause to be distrust or reject ; damage the reputation of . 	damage the reputation of . 	300
give equal rights to , as of the right to vote . 	give equal rights to ; of woman and minority . 	301
-lrb- cause to -rrb- lengthen or expand in time or some abstract realm 	lengthen in time ; cause to be or last longer . 	302
a knapsack , bundle on the back 	a bundle -lrb- especially one carry on the back -rrb- . 	303
a person who deliver information or goods 	a person who convey -lrb- carry or transmit -rrb- . 	304
have a intuitive understanding or appreciation of something 	a intuitive understanding of something . 	305
adherence to moral principle 	adhering to moral principle . 	306
have sex with 	have sexual intercourse with . 	307
partake or provide a banquet 	partake in a feast or banquet . 	308
make a tick sound 	make a clicking or tick sound . 	310
run or flow slowly 	run or flow slowly , as in drop or in a unsteady stream . 	311
write a computer programme . 	write a computer program . 	312
a state of social order in conformance with exist law 	a state of order in which event conform to the law . 	313
a electronic storage device . 	a electronic memory device . 	314
a reference line use to align letter 	a light line that be use in letter to help align the letter . 	315
the quality of dedication , fixity of purpose 	the trait of sincere and steadfast fixity of purpose . 	316
look furtively at something . 	look furtively . 	317
cast off , get rid of something 	get rid of . 	318
recover posession or get back again 	get or find back ; recover the use of . 	319
a coefficient assign to element in a frequency distribution in order to indicate the relative importance of each element 	-lrb- statistics -rrb- a coefficient assign to element of a frequency distribution in order to represent they relative importance . 	320
-lrb- cause to -rrb- move around 	cause to move round and round . 	321
become due 	become due for repayment . 	322
provide medical care for . 	provide veterinary care for . 	323
do over , make new 	make new . 	324
coat , cover , or treat the surface of 	put a coat on ; cover the surface of ; furnish with a surface . 	325
baseball : strike out a batter 	strike out -lrb- a batter -rrb- , -lrb- of a pitcher -rrb- . 	326
regain or make up for , as of a financial loss . 	regain or make up for . 	327
duplicate , match 	duplicate or match . 	328
indistinct vocal articulation 	indistinct articulation . 	329
the act of shove something away 	the act of apply force in order to move something away . 	330
move or drive forcefully as if by a punch . 	drive forcibly as if by a punch . 	331
a intense surprise , often unpleasant 	a unpleasant or disappointing surprise . 	332
make less emotionally hostile ; win over mentally or emotionally . 	make less hostile ; win over . 	333
informal usage for a domestic cat , often young 	informal term refer to a domestic cat . 	334
the act of sort one thing from other . 	sort one thing from other . 	335
the act of physically affix or connect thing 	the act of fasten thing together . 	336
the people who dwell in a camp 	a group of people live together in a camp . 	337
a unforseen development . 	a unforeseen development . 	338
make impure ; make radioactive 	make impure . 	340
a long , thin implement , usually make of wood 	a implement consist of a length of wood . 	341
formally reject or disavow a formerly hold belief ; retract a statement . 	formally reject or disavow a formerly hold belief , usually under pressure . 	342
-lrb- cause to -rrb- to turn to the left side . 	turn or go to the port or left side , of a ship . 	343
entail as a necessary accompaniment or result 	impose , involve , or imply as a necessary accompaniment or result . 	344
physically attach to something . 	fix to ; attach . 	345
assign to a particular task 	assign to a specific task . 	346
culminate event 	be the culminate event . 	347
act of construct 	the act of construct something . 	348
the primary information-processing component of a computer , of a microprocessor chip 	-lrb- computer science -rrb- the part of a computer -lrb- a microprocessor chip -rrb- that do most of the datum processing . 	349
consider again , usually with a view to change 	consider again -lrb- a bill -rrb- that have be vote upon before , with a view to alter it . 	350
cancel , reverse , annul 	cancel , annul , or reverse a action or its effect . 	351
define ; determine essential quality of 	determine the essential quality of . 	352
the pursuit and killing or capture of animal . 	the pursuit and killing or capture of wild animal regard as a sport . 	353
manipulate the register of a musical instrument 	manipulate the register of a organ . 	354
move in a irregular course 	move to and fro or from place to place usually in a irregular course . 	355
the legal grant or bestowment of rights 	the act of grant rights . 	356
jolt of electrical current to the body 	a reflex response to the passage of electric current through the body . 	357
become pregnant . 	become pregnant ; undergo conception . 	358
the bestowing of a franchise , enfranchisment 	the act of certify or bestow a franchise on . 	359
act of distribute 	the act of apportion or distribute something . 	360
the state of be more than satisfied or satiated . 	the state of be more than full . 	361
conscious subjective emotion or desire 	the conscious subjective aspect of feeling or emotion . 	362
the act of propose someone as a candidate for something . 	the condition of have be propose as a suitable candidate for appointment or election . 	363
to hunt snipe 	hunt or shoot snipe . 	364
hunt for hawk 	hunt with hawk . 	365
a continuous horizontal layer of brick 	-lrb- construction -rrb- a layer of masonry . 	366
a brief attempt at some endeavor 	a usually brief attempt . 	367
propagation of wave back from a surface 	the phenomenon of a propagate wave -lrb- light or sound -rrb- be throw back from a surface . 	368
examine minutely ; search diligently 	examine minutely . 	369
enjoy , be fond of or approve 	be fond of . 	370
a person under the guardianship or custody of another 	a person who be under the protection or in the custody of another . 	371
strike or hit sharply , perhaps as in sport . 	strike sharply , as in some sport . 	372
fly in or on a glider plane 	fly in or as if in a glider plane . 	373
one fourth of a year 	a fourth part of a year ; three month . 	374
make a abstract thing tight or more restrictive 	make tight or tighter . 	375
provide -lrb- a person or group -rrb- with power or authority 	provide with power and authority . 	376
Run at a moderately swift pace , as for exercise . 	run at a moderately swift pace . 	377
envelop completely ; form a cover over . 	form a impenetrable cover over . 	378
mold for casting , set concrete 	a mold for set concrete . 	379
cause friction ; wear away or erode 	wear away or erode . 	380
a feeling for something that be desire intensely . 	something that be desire intensely . 	381
put or store in a bottle 	store -lrb- liquid or gas -rrb- in bottle . 	382
be a sign or indication of ; have as a meaning . 	be a sign or indication of . 	383
the act of choosing , pick one among many 	the act of choose or select . 	384
act of become distant , move away from 	the act of become more distant . 	385
take in marriage ; perform a marriage ceremony 	take in marriage . 	386
skip , leap , or move up and down or sideways as a manner of motion . 	skip , leap , or move up and down or sideways . 	387
a military fortification , stronghold 	a stronghold . 	388
the fashionable elite of a give community 	the fashionable elite . 	389
characteristic call of a animal 	the characteristic utterance of a animal . 	390
make or become more acute or intense 	make more intense , stronger , or more marked . 	391
a journey for some purpose . 	a journey for some purpose -lrb- usually include the return -rrb- . 	392
fake or falsify ; control in a fraudulent manner . 	manipulate in a fraudulent manner . 	393
fruit cook down with sugar , jam 	fruit preserve by cooking with sugar . 	394
the act of lead or guide other 	the activity of lead . 	395
coating use as a repellant to moisture 	a finish coat apply to exclude moisture . 	396
a person who clean chimney 	someone who clean soot from chimney . 	397
shine intensely ; emit a steady , even light from a source . 	emit a steady even light without flame . 	398
behave in a certain way ; have a specific effect or outcome 	behave in a certain way . 	399
communicate with a hiss 	express or utter with a hiss . 	400
a male bee whose function be to fertilize the queen 	stingless male bee in a colony of social bee -lrb- especially honeybee -rrb- whose sole function be to mate with the queen . 	401
a sport match , boxing 	a boxing or wrestle match . 	402
cause to reproduce -lrb- plant or animal -rrb- 	cause to procreate -lrb- animal -rrb- . 	403
the feeling of annoyance at be hinder or thwart . 	a feeling of annoyance at be hinder or criticize . 	404
move along on wheel 	move along on or as if on wheel or a wheel vehicle . 	405
-lsb- provide with a new or different rest place 	provide with a new seat . 	406
activity of extract ore or other matter from the ground 	the act of extract ore or coal etc from the earth . 	407
to interrupt , enter uninvited 	enter uninvited . 	408
a person or thing equal to another in value or significane . 	a person or thing equal to another in value or measure or force or effect or significance etc. . 	409
a cause or source of harm 	a cause of pain or injury or loss . 	410
make -lrb- more -rrb- comprehensible 	make clear and -lrb- more -rrb- comprehensible . 	411
the state of be retain 	the act of retain something . 	412
a problem , something wrong 	a problem . 	413
stretch out or over completely 	stretch out completely . 	414
continue to live , exist , or prosper 	continue to live through hardship or adversity . 	415
a caress with the lip 	the act of caress with the lip -lrb- or a instance thereof -rrb- . 	416
provide with rail , as by lay . 	lay with rail . 	417
the close approach of one object to another 	the motion of one object relative to another . 	418
make a hole with a pointed tool 	make a hole , especially with a pointed power or hand tool . 	419
fix -lrb- something old -rrb- with a new part ; improve . 	piece -lrb- something old -rrb- with a new part . 	420
the act of damaging something , cause breakage 	the act of break something . 	421
the ground level of a multi-storied building 	the floor of a building that be at or nearest to the level of the ground around the building . 	422
a quantity of something 	a quantity of money . 	423
a large room 	the large room of a manor or castle . 	424
leave out , omit , prevent from enter 	prevent from enter ; keep out . 	425
sniff at inquiringly . 	sniff or smell inquiringly . 	426
provide lodging for 	provide housing for . 	427
Change the purpose or functioning of a system . 	change the inherent purpose or function of something . 	428
provide with tool or item for a specific purpose 	provide with -lrb- something -rrb- usually for a specific purpose . 	429
gain point in a game ; add up -lrb- number -rrb- 	gain point in a game . 	430
travel in front of , be first , precede 	travel in front of ; go in advance of other . 	431
remove by rub 	remove by or as if by rub or erase . 	432
the hard upper part of the human nose 	the hard ridge that form the upper part of the nose . 	433
make shine 	make -lrb- a surface -rrb- shine . 	434
recover , return to former state 	return to a former condition . 	435
remove the pod , husk or shell 	remove the husk from . 	436
speed up the process of 	speed up the progress of ; facilitate . 	437
-lrb- cause to -rrb- swing and miss the third pitch , strike out 	strike out by swing and miss the pitch charge as the third . 	438
literally and quantifiably raise in social rank or status . 	raise in rank , character , or status . 	439
alter by chemical mean , to make image . 	make visible by means of chemical solution . 	440
highly infectious viral disease 	a acute febrile highly contagious viral disease . 	441
make a certain size or sort accord to size 	make to a size ; bring to a suitable size . 	442
remove tree stump from a area . 	remove tree stump from . 	443
pass the tongue over , take up with the tongue 	pass the tongue over . 	444
a computer-generated visual image 	a image that be generate by a computer . 	445
do better in a competition ; win 	come out better in a competition , race , or conflict . 	446
aerodynamic force that oppose gravity 	the component of the aerodynamic force act on a airfoil that oppose gravity . 	447
Start abruptly , ignite 	start abruptly . 	448
a local announcement make within a public broadcast 	-lrb- broadcasting -rrb- a local announcement insert into a network program . 	449
make real or concrete 	something that be make real or concrete . 	450
sound sharply or shrilly , as if stab . 	sound sharply or shrilly . 	451
the act of officially gain entrance to somewhere 	the act of admit someone to enter . 	452
spend time in prison 	spend time in prison or in a labor camp . 	453
hold , contain within 	contain or hold ; have within . 	454
act of verbally inform 	the act of inform by verbal report . 	455
forcefully request 	request urgently and forcefully . 	456
the quality of dissimilarity 	the quality of be unlike or dissimilar . 	457
throw quickly , flick 	throw quickly . 	458
move to and fro around a particular point or point , remain near 	move to and fro . 	459
put up with something or someone unpleasant ; show deference towards someone or some authority . 	put up with something or somebody unpleasant . 	460
the breakup or termination of a social relationship 	the termination or disintegration of a relationship -lrb- between person or nation -rrb- . 	461
destruction of a ship 	destroy a ship . 	462
the human act of make something new . 	the act of start something for the first time ; introduce something new . 	463
ride -lrb- a bicycle or motorcycle -rrb- 	ride a motorcycle . 	464
the principal activity that one do to earn money . 	the principal activity in you life that you do to earn money . 	465
maintain or preserve a particular condition , state , or activity 	continue a certain state , condition , or activity . 	466
a speak or write reply to a question 	a statement -lrb- either speak or write -rrb- that be make to reply to a question or request or criticism or accusation . 	467
committee with supervisory power 	a committee have supervisory power . 	468
a section of a composition , textual or musical 	a short section of a musical composition . 	469
a gear for change the motion of a machine to the opposite direction 	the gear by which the motion of a machine can be reverse . 	470
take a digestion-aiding walk after a meal 	take a walk for one 's health or to aid digestion , as after a meal . 	471
fork form or shape 	a part of a fork or branch shape . 	472
insert or close with a plug 	fill or close tightly with or as if with a plug . 	473
incite some act of insubordination 	incite , move , or persuade to some act of lawlessness or insubordination . 	474
formally announce the termination of a agreement 	announce the termination of , as of treaty . 	475
beat or pound rapidly 	cause to throb or beat rapidly . 	476
make a line or mark on a surface ; copy by follow the line of 	make a mark or line on a surface . 	477
recite as a chant , intone 	recite with musical intonation ; recite as a chant or a psalm . 	478
the ability of computer to exchange digital information between they and make use of it 	-lrb- computer science -rrb- the ability to exchange and use information -lrb- usually in a large heterogeneous network make up of several local area network -rrb- . 	479
act of apply force 	the act of apply force suddenly . 	480
the process of become less or smaller 	a process of become smaller or shorter . 	481
be in command of ; exercise authority or control over . 	exercise authoritative control or power over . 	482
be a factor or play a role in something 	be or play a part of or in . 	483
a expanse of land 	a extended area of land . 	484
move a implement through with a circular motion , mix 	move a implement through . 	485
deprive of courage , hope , or optimism 	deprive of courage or hope ; take away hope from ; cause to feel discourage . 	486
the armed force 	a force that be a branch of the armed force . 	487
furnish with metal spur . 	furnish with spar . 	488
remove water from a substance . 	remove water from . 	489
provide with rail , as by lay . 	provide with rail . 	490
make or be a summary 	be a summary of . 	491
be affect with smut or mildew 	affect with smut or mildew , as of a crop such as corn . 	492
talk or behave amorously ; have sex with . 	talk or behave amorously , without serious intention . 	493
excuse some minor social infraction ; accept a excuse for something . 	accept a excuse for . 	494
indicate , be sign or symptom of 	be a signal for or a symptom of . 	495
a verbal or written request for access to something . 	a verbal or written request for assistance or employment or admission to a school . 	496
have a logical result 	have as a logical consequence . 	497
travel on foot . 	cross on foot . 	498
the act of suction 	the act of sucking . 	499
a band of leather or rope make to identify animal . 	a band of leather or rope that be place around a animal 's neck as a harness or to identify it . 	500
put a harness on . 	put a harness . 	501
provide or equip specifically with furniture . 	provide or equip with furniture . 	502
to move -lrb- the head or body -rrb- quickly downward or away -lrb- from something -rrb- . 	to move -lrb- the head or body -rrb- quickly downward or away . 	503
reason or establish by deduction 	reason by deduction ; establish by deduction . 	504
make pregnant ; fertilize and cause to grow . 	fertilize and cause to grow . 	505
find the solution to or understand the meaning of 	find the solution to -lrb- a problem or question -rrb- or understand the meaning of . 	506
move about in a confused or purposeless manner . 	move about in a confused manner . 	507
put up with something unpleasant 	put up with something or somebody unpleasant . 	508
a means or agency by which something be communicate . 	a means or agency by which something be express or communicate . 	509
take apart into constituent piece 	take apart into its constituent piece . 	510
a short theatrical program that be part of a longer program . 	a short theatrical performance that be part of a longer program . 	511
decree , issue a order 	issue a order . 	512
the termination , end of a meeting 	the termination of a meeting . 	513
a indicator that orient one generally . 	a indicator that orient you generally . 	514
increase the acoustic volume of . 	increase the volume of . 	515
open to member of all race and ethnic group 	open -lrb- a place -rrb- to member of all race and ethnic group . 	516
reduce to small piece by pound or abrade 	reduce to small piece or particle by pound or abrade . 	517
hit a fly -lrb- baseball -rrb- 	hit a fly . 	518
fishing-exhaust by allow to pull on the line 	exhaust by allow to pull on the line . 	519
be or come into conflict 	be incompatible ; be or come into conflict . 	520
produce a phonemic click . 	produce a click . 	521
angle with a hook and line and draw through water 	angle with a hook and line draw through the water . 	522
the front face of a building 	the face or front of a building . 	523
make something more diverse or varied 	make something more diverse and vary . 	524
issue bond on something 	issue bond on . 	525
woman 's sleeveless undergarment 	a woman 's sleeveless undergarment . 	526
move oneself very fast . 	move very fast . 	527
oppose or approach , as in hostility or competition 	oppose , as in hostility or a competition . 	528
make more complex or intricate 	make more complex , intricate , or richer . 	529
create a new entity by put component or member together 	create by put component or member together . 	531
the activity of provide supplies 	the activity of supply or provide something . 	532
make or become brighter or lighter 	make lighter or brighter . 	533
actor in a play 	the actor in a play . 	534
take someone 's soul into heaven 	take up someone 's soul into heaven . 	535
discipline in personal or social activity . 	discipline in personal and social activity . 	536
a person eat a meal , often in a restaurant 	a person eat a meal -lrb- especially in a restaurant -rrb- . 	537
a sudden -lrb- emotional -rrb- outburst . 	a sudden outburst . 	538
make or become harder 	make hard or harder . 	539
the introductory portion of a story 	the introductory section of a story . 	540
work material with a tool 	work with a tool . 	541
make or become less strict or severe 	make less severe or strict . 	542
support by place on or against something solid 	support by place against something solid or rigid . 	543
part , cease , or break association with -lrb- something -rrb- . 	part ; cease or break association with . 	544
have the financial means to obtain , buy , or do something 	have the financial means to do something or buy something . 	545
a list of candidate nominate by a political party to run for election . 	a list of candidate nominate by a political party to run for election to public office . 	546
say , state , or perform again 	to say , state , or perform again . 	547
allow the passage of air 	allow the passage of air through . 	548
unite ; merge with something already in existence 	unite or merge with something already in existence . 	549
use resource or material 	use up -lrb- resource or material -rrb- . 	550
make or become harder 	become hard or harder . 	551
-lrb- cause to -rrb- be firmly attach or close . 	cause to be firmly attach . 	552
make or become wider or more extensive 	become broader or wider or more extensive . 	553
unrestricted freedom to use something . 	unrestricted freedom to use . 	554
lay claim , the act of take possession of , or power over , something . 	the act of take possession of or power over something . 	555
give structure to 	give a structure to . 	556
mark with scar 	mark with a scar . 	557
-lrb- baseball -rrb- tag the base runner to get he out . 	tag the base runner to get he out . 	558
be reflect as heat , light , or shock wave ; . 	be reflect as heat , sound , or light or shock wave . 	559
a competitor most likely to win 	a competitor think likely to win . 	560
make or become longer 	become long or longer . 	561
be on base at the end of a inning 	to be on base at the end of a inning , of a player . 	562
either of the two category -lrb- male or female -rrb- into which most organism be divide , or key property that distinguish the category . 	either of the two category -lrb- male or female -rrb- into which most organism be divide . 	563
-lrb- science -rrb- the atomic weight of a element that have the same combine capacity as a give weight of another element . 	the atomic weight of a element that have the same combine capacity as a give weight of another element ; the standard be 8 for oxygen . 	564
provide with a toggle 	provide with a toggle or toggle . 	565
-lrb- cause to -rrb- move back and forth or side to side 	cause to move back and forth . 	566
measure the depth of a body of water 	measure the depth of -lrb- a body of water -rrb- with a sound line . 	567
make a loud noise , as a animal 	make a loud noise , as of animal . 	568
the act of come to rest after a voyage . 	the act of come to land after a voyage . 	569
join or bring together -lrb- two -rrb- object , idea , or people 	bring two object , idea , or people together . 	570
make reference to something . 	make reference to . 	571
behave violently , as if in a state of great anger ; break or tear violently . 	behave violently , as if in state of a great anger . 	572
form a spiral or move in a spiral course . 	move in a spiral or zigzag course . 	573
a feeling of aversion , distaste , antipathy 	a feeling of aversion or antipathy . 	574
Release -lrb- gas or energy -rrb- as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition -lrb- perhaps in a metaphorical sense -rrb- 	release -lrb- gas or energy -rrb- as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition . 	575
overcome with amazement ; flabbergast 	overcome with amazement . 	576
behave in a condescending manner 	behave in a patronize and condescend manner . 	577
take into one 's family or group 	take into one 's family . 	578
-lrb- contract bridge -rrb- the highest bid become the contract setting in the number of trick that the bidder must make . 	-lrb- contract bridge -rrb- the highest bid become the contract set the number of trick that the bidder must make . 	579
go on a campaign or off to war 	go on a campaign ; go off to war . 	580
react , or respond to a call , command , or stimulus 	react to a stimulus or command . 	581
-lrb- literally -rrb- sound with resonance . 	sound with resonance . 	582
a injury to the skin cause by radiation , heat or chemical 	a injury cause by exposure to heat or chemical or radiation . 	583
make a causal or logical connection ; group together 	make a logical or causal connection . 	584
apply conditioner to make smooth and shiny . 	apply conditioner to in order to make smooth and shiny . 	585
exercise or have power of memory 	exercise , or have the power of , memory . 	586
a feeling or state of extreme anger . 	a state of extreme anger . 	587
wrinkled , crumpled , or crease . 	become wrinkled or crumpled or creased . 	588
a accounting period of 12 month 	any accounting period of 12 month . 	590
praise the quality in order to sell or promote 	make a plug for ; praise the quality or in order to sell or promote . 	591
relative darkness of a color 	relative darkness or lightness of a color . 	592
strike heavily , especially with a fist or implement . 	strike heavily , especially with the fist or a bat . 	593
make receptive or willing toward a action or belief . 	make receptive or willing towards a action or attitude or belief . 	594
open again , open anew 	open again or anew . 	595
a conceptual formulation ; a way of conceive something . 	a way of conceive something . 	596
heat metal prior to work it 	heat a metal prior to work it . 	597
feel the strong need to eat 	feel the need to eat . 	598
be in direct physical contact with 	be in direct physical contact with ; make contact . 	599
give suck to ; receive suck . 	give suck to . 	600
cover for a bed 	decorative cover for a bed . 	601
grip , penetrate or tear off with or as if with the tooth or jaw 	to grip , cut off , or tear with or as if with the tooth or jaw . 	602
play a stringed instrument with a bow 	play on a string instrument with a bow . 	603
doubt or a impression that something might not be the case . 	a impression that something might be the case . 	604
a successful throw or try for a point after a touchdown . 	a successful free throw or try for point after a touchdown . 	605
Express audibly ; utter sound -lrb- not necessarily word -rrb- ; indicate . 	express audibly ; utter sound -lrb- not necessarily word -rrb- . 	606
hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness 	pause or hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness . 	607
a serve of a beverage 	a single serve of a beverage . 	608
give a incentive or reason for action . 	give a incentive for action . 	609
the day before today 	the day immediately before today . 	610
take or capture by force or authority 	take or capture by force . 	611
-lrb- medicine -rrb- apply a plaster cast to . 	apply a plaster cast to . 	612
interfere with someone else 's activity 	interfere in someone else 's activity . 	613
assign a new time for a event 	assign a new time and place for a event . 	614
Value measure by what must be give or do to obtain something . 	value measure by what must be give or do or undergo to obtain something . 	615
touch or hold with the hand 	touch , lift , or hold with the hand . 	616
scrape or rub to relieve itch 	scrape or rub as if to relieve itching . 	617
give a detailed account of 	narrate or give a detailed account of . 	618
any activity that acquire a person 's attention . 	any activity that occupy a person 's attention . 	619
cause to become awake or alert 	cause to become awake or conscious . 	620
provide a feast or banquet 	provide a feast or banquet for . 	621
the act of hinder someone 's plan or effort . 	a act of hinder someone 's plan or effort . 	622
fool or hoax -lrb- someone -rrb- . 	fool or hoax . 	623
raise the stake or bet of a game by a factor of 2 	raise the stake in a card game by a factor of 2 . 	624
the -lrb- period of -rrb- control of a country by military force of a foreign power . 	the control of a country by military force of a foreign power . 	625
-lrb- computer science -rrb- the occurence of a incorrect result produce by a computer . 	-lrb- computer science -rrb- the occurrence of a incorrect result produce by a computer . 	626
give pleasure , satifaction , or happiness ; be please to 	give pleasure to or be please to . 	627
the soft padding under a saddle 	a soft pad place under a saddle . 	628
elecate or idealize in allusion to Christ 's transfiguration 	elevate or idealize , in allusion to Christ 's transfiguration . 	629
inability of the heart to pump blood to sustain life function 	inability of the heart to pump enough blood to sustain normal bodily function . 	630
cause to vibrate in a different pattern 	cause to vibrate in a definite pattern . 	631
warn or call to a sense of preparedness 	warn or arouse to a sense of danger or call to a state of preparedness . 	632
adapt oneself to new or different condition . 	adapt or conform oneself to new or different condition . 	633
move faster , or cause to move faster 	cause to move faster . 	634
supply food ready to eat , as for party and banquet . 	supply food ready to eat ; for party and banquet . 	635
express protest or dissent , raise a objection 	express or raise a objection or protest or criticism or express dissent . 	636
clear mucus from one 's throat 	clear mucus or food from one 's throat . 	637
pass into a state or condition 	pass into a specify state or condition . 	638
add embellishment -lrb- to medieval manuscript -rrb- 	add embellishment and painting to -lrb- medieval manuscript -rrb- . 	639
make or become thick 	make thick or thicker . 	640
move or execute very quickly or hastily 	run or move very quickly or hastily . 	641
hurt , feel physical pain 	feel physical pain . 	642
tell or spread rumor ; say 	tell or spread rumor . 	643
throw with force or recklessness ; cast away 	throw with force or recklessness . 	644
return to in thought or speech 	return in thought or speech to something . 	645
try to cure by special care or treatment , of a illness or injury ; treat carefully . 	try to cure by special care of treatment , of a illness or injury . 	646
a sweeping cut with a sharp instrument 	a strong sweeping cut make with a sharp instrument . 	647
any address at which one dwell more than temporarily . 	any address at which you dwell more than temporarily . 	648
botany -- the usually underground organ of a plant that lack bud or leave or node , which absorb water and mineral salt ; usually it anchor the plant to the ground . 	-lrb- botany -rrb- the usually underground organ that lack bud or leave or node ; absorb water and mineral salt ; usually it anchor the plant to the ground . 	649
reproduce or make a exact copy of ; make , do , or perform again . 	reproduce or make a exact copy of . 	650
pass -lrb- a thread -rrb- through or into , on or as if on a string 	thread on or as if on a string . 	651
engrave by means of dot . 	engrave by means of dot and flick . 	652
have a strong desire to do something 	have a strong desire or urge to do something . 	653
be relevant or pertinent 	be pertinent or relevant or applicable . 	654
indicate contempt by breathe noisily and forcefully through the news 	indicate contempt by breathe noisily and forcefully through the nose . 	655
become aware of through the sens 	to become aware of through the sens . 	656
cause to be alert or energetic 	cause to be alert and energetic . 	657
remove by erase or cross out , as if by draw a line through . 	remove by erase or cross out or as if by draw a line . 	658
cook slowly for a long time in liquid 	cook slowly and for a long time in liquid . 	659
the temperature at which a liquid boil , bubble 	the temperature at which a liquid boil at sea level . 	660
make a map of ; show or establish the feature or detail of ; explore or survey for the purpose of make a map . 	make a map of ; show or establish the feature of detail of . 	661
the social force that bind one to the course of action demand by that force . 	the social force that bind you to the course of action demand by that force . 	662
avoid or try to avoid fulfil , answering , or perform . 	avoid or try to avoid fulfil , answering , or perform -lrb- duty , question , or issue -rrb- . 	663
lead someone in the wrong direction -lrb- physically -rrb- ; give wrong spatial direction . 	lead someone in the wrong direction or give someone wrong direction . 	664
maintain , assert , or claim 	maintain or assert . 	665
improve by restore to a previous or better condition . 	restore to a previous or better condition . 	666
make accessible to some action , influence , or condition 	expose or make accessible to some action or influence . 	667
approach a limit as the number of term increase without limit ; specifically a mathematical term . 	approach a limit as the number of term increase without limit . 	668
the stiching that form the rim of a shoe or boot . 	the stitching that form the rim of a shoe or boot . 	669
put under the control of the federal government 	put under the control and authority of a federal government . 	670
manual stimulation fo the genital area for sexual pleasure . 	manual stimulation of the genital area for sexual pleasure . 	671
equip with a fuse 	equip with a fuse ; provide with a fuse . 	672
end of the american revolution 	the successful ending of the american revolution . 	673
-lrb- mathematics -rrb- the smallest whole number or a numeral represent this number . 	the smallest whole number or a numeral represent this number . 	674
stimulate or demand factor of a situation 	a demand or stimulate situation . 	675
a physical portion of all or part of a natural object that be collect and preserve as a example of its class or total . 	all or part of a natural object that be collect and preserve as a example of its class . 	676
amplify a electron current by cause part of the power on the output circuit to act upon the input circuit . 	amplify -lrb- a electron current -rrb- by cause part of the power in the output circuit to act upon the input circuit . 	677
a human utter word loudly and forcefully . 	utter word loudly and forcefully . 	678
oppose with equal weight or force 	contrast with equal weight or force . 	679
-lrb- cause to -rrb- strike the air in flight . 	strike the air in flight . 	680
preserve in a tin or jar . 	preserve in a can or tin . 	681
a chain of atom in a molecule form a closed loop 	-lrb- chemistry -rrb- a chain of atom in a molecule that form a closed loop . 	682
make the surface level or smooth 	make the surface of level or smooth . 	683
impress or affect deeply -lrb- emotionally -rrb- . 	impress or affect deeply . 	684
supply with a constant flow of some liquid , for the purpose of cooling , cleanse , or disinfecting . 	supply with a constant flow or sprinkling of some liquid , for the purpose of cooling , cleanse , or disinfecting . 	685
disregard , fail to attend to 	fail to attend to . 	687
make a short , sharp sound 	make a sharp sound . 	688
connect or fasten into a chain by link 	connect or arrange into a chain by link . 	689
beat thoroughly in a competition or fight 	beat thoroughly and conclusively in a competition or fight . 	690
look through a book or some other write material -lrb- for information -rrb- . 	look through a book or other write material . 	691
state of be active 	the state of be active . 	692
-lrb- theology -rrb- the act of delive from sin or save from evil . 	-lrb- theology -rrb- the act of deliver from sin or save from evil . 	693
declare or make unfit or unsuitable 	make unfit or unsuitable . 	694
cook on a hot surface use fat ; cook in oil . 	cook on a hot surface use fat . 	695
improve by pruning or polishing 	improve or perfect by pruning or polishing . 	696
a area that be central within some larger region . 	a area that be approximately central within some larger region . 	697
start suddenly , as if from fright 	start suddenly , as from fright . 	698
be larger in number , quantity , power , status , or importance , without personally have sovereign power . 	be larger in number , quantity , power , status or importance . 	699
give oneself entirely to a specific person , activity , or cause . 	give entirely to a specific person , activity , or cause . 	700
the finger next to the thumb , forefinger 	the finger next to the thumb . 	701
put up with something or someone -lrb- unpleasant -rrb- 	put up with something or somebody unpleasant . 	702
role or function of the head of a government department 	the role of the head of a government department . 	703
consider again , usually with a view to change 	consider again ; give new consideration to ; usually with a view to change . 	704
drive at a excessive or illegal velocity 	travel at a excessive or illegal velocity . 	705
a air force military unit , smaller than a squadron 	a air force unit smaller than a squadron . 	706
the act of give someone a job , hire someone 	the act of give someone a job . 	707
the act of annoying someone or something 	the act of troubling or annoying someone . 	708
droop , sink , or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness ; become less intense . 	droop , sink , or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness . 	709
cite as a authority ; resort to -lrb- as in a argument -rrb- . 	cite as a authority ; resort to . 	710
allocate or dedicate ; set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use . 	set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use . 	711
make out of component -lrb- in a improvise manner -rrb- 	make out of component -lrb- often in a improvise manner -rrb- . 	712
rehearse , learn by repetition 	learn by repetition . 	713
intend something to move toward a certain goal 	intend -lrb- something -rrb- to move towards a certain goal . 	714
register formally as a participant 	register formally as a participant or member . 	715
write as if with print , not in cursive 	write as if with print ; not cursive . 	716
shoot down bird 	shoot down , of bird . 	717
appoint to clerical post 	appoint to a clerical post . 	718
-lrb- Chemistry -rrb- Undergo sequestration by form a stable compound with a ion . 	undergo sequestration by form a stable compound with a ion . 	719
furnish with a open to allow air to circulate or gase to escape . 	furnish with a open to allow air to circulate or gas to escape . 	720
stand with arm or foreleg raise , as of menacing . 	stand with arm or foreleg raise , as if menacing . 	721
accounting period of 12 month 	any accounting period of 12 month . 	722
convert the genetic information in a strand of dna into a strand of rna . 	convert the genetic information in -lrb- a strand of dna -rrb- into a strand of rna , especially messenger rna . 	723
give a thrashing to , beat 	give a thrashing to ; beat hard . 	724
immerse or be immerse in a boiling liquid , for purpose of cooking or processing . 	immerse or be immerse in a boiling liquid , often for cooking purpose . 	725
supply with water for crop , as with channel , ditch , or stream . 	supply with water , as with channel or ditch or stream . 	726
the period of time during which a leasing contract be in effect . 	the period of time during which a contract convey property to a person be in effect . 	727
protect or strengthen with sandbag . 	protect or strengthen with sandbag ; stop up . 	728
travel ; make a tour of a place 	make a tour of a certain place . 	729
the political head of city government 	the head of a city government . 	730
pass the tongue over , take up with the tongue 	take up with the tongue . 	731
a city on the River Thames in Bershire , southern England 	a city on the River Thames in Berkshire in southern England . 	732
a chart or map show the dimension , movement or progress of something 	a chart or map show the movement or progress of a object . 	733
take away a vital or essential part of something . 	take away a vital or essential part of . 	734
a imperfection ; the quality of be inadequate or fall short . 	the quality of be inadequate or fall short of perfection . 	735
Pat or squeeze , especially under the chin . 	pat or squeeze fondly or playfully , especially under the chin . 	736
make up something fictional or untrue 	make up something artificial or untrue . 	737
the act of swallow liquid 	the act of swallow . 	738
have unlawful sex with a prostitute 	have unlawful sex with a whore . 	739
reverse the wind or twist of ; separate the tangle of . 	reverse the wind or twist of . 	740
reimburse or compensate -lrb- someone -rrb- , as for a loss or sacrifice . 	reimburse or compensate -lrb- someone -rrb- , as for a loss . 	741
sharpen a razor with a strap 	sharpen with a strap . 	742
the longer telegraphic signal of Morse Code 	the longer of the two telegraphic signal use in Morse code . 	743
the part of the body between the neck and upper arm , or any of its subpart . 	the part of the body between the neck and the upper arm . 	744
rain , hail , or snow hard and be very windy , often with thunder and lightning ; blow hard . 	rain , hail , or snow hard and be very windy , often with thunder or lightning . 	745
fill with high spirit 	fill with high spirit ; fill with optimism . 	746
the release of pressure build up during a stop consonant . 	the terminal forced release of pressure build up during the occlusive phase of a stop consonant . 	747
-lrb- cause to -rrb- fall in drop 	let or cause to fall in drop . 	748
the status of be champion . 	the status of be a champion . 	749
draw advantage from ; take advantage . 	draw advantage from . 	750
