render one language in another language 	restate -LRB- words -RRB- from one language into another language . 	1
nations unified by shared interests , history or institutions 	a group of nations having common interests . 	2
convert into absorbable substances , -LRB- as if -RRB- with heat or chemical process 	soften or disintegrate by means of chemical action , heat , or moisture . 	3
devote or adapt exclusively to an skill , study , or work 	devote oneself to a special area of work . 	4
elevated wooden porch of a house 	a porch that resembles the deck on a ship . 	5
either half of an archery bow 	either of the two halves of a bow from handle to tip . 	6
a removable device that is an accessory to larger object 	a supplementary part or accessory . 	7
restrict or confine 	place limits on -LRB- extent or access -RRB- . 	8
orient , be positioned 	be opposite . 	9
Bring back to life , return from the dead 	cause to become alive again . 	10
anything illusory , not concrete or real 	something with no concrete substance . 	11
a name or trait that identifies a product or type of thing 	a name given to a product or service . 	12
the processing or operation of something 	a set sequence of steps , part of larger computer program . 	13
line , cover 	cover the front or surface of . 	14
determine a standard ; estimate a capacity or measurement 	estimate the value of . 	15
an interpretation , an account or reading of an event or situation 	a mental representation of the meaning or significance of something . 	16
festive social event , celebration 	an occasion on which people can assemble for social interaction and entertainment . 	17
Make fine adjustments to for optimal operation ; adjust to a certain scale . 	make fine adjustments or divide into marked intervals for optimal measuring . 	18
a short lyric or poem intended to be sung 	a narrative song with a recurrent refrain . 	19
effectively wield or manipulate a concrete entity 	handle effectively . 	20
employ or become employed in a position 	appoint someone to -LRB- a position or a job -RRB- . 	21
group of people defined by a specific profession 	organization of performers and associated personnel -LRB- especially theatrical -RRB- . 	22
storage cabinet furniture 	office furniture consisting of a container for keeping papers in order . 	23
Signal -LRB- approval or interest -RRB- by winking ; briefly shut one eye . 	signal by winking . 	24
capital stock in a corporation 	any of the equal portions into which the capital stock of a corporation is divided and ownership of which is evidenced by a stock certificate . 	25
prove or corroborate 	establish or strengthen as with new evidence or facts . 	26
-LRB- the content of -RRB- a communication . 	a communication -LRB- usually brief -RRB- that is written or spoken or signaled . 	27
a partial denture 	a denture anchored to teeth on either side of missing teeth . 	28
move to a lower position , terminate something 	terminate an association with . 	29
flow , as of liquids 	reduce or cause to be reduced from a solid to a liquid state , usually by heating . 	30
seal , insulate or protect 	treat the body or any part of it by wrapping it , as with blankets or sheets , and applying compresses to it , or stuffing it to provide cover , containment , or therapy , or to absorb blood . 	31
scar physically ; create a mark on someone or something 	make underscoring marks . 	32
Surround completely ; close in , as if with a covering or border . 	surround completely . 	33
the act or event of ending a process , state , situation 	the end of a word -LRB- a suffix or inflectional ending or final morpheme -RRB- . 	34
the price of a good or service 	an assertion that someone is guilty of a fault or offence . 	35
depict or portray in art , words , or model 	create an image or likeness of . 	36
travel in or be shaped like a zigzag 	bend into the shape of a crank . 	37
Annoy , harass , or mock , perhaps playfully . 	mock or make fun of playfully . 	38
-LRB- Cause to -RRB- smell bad . 	be extremely bad in quality or in one 's performance . 	39
social ranking or position 	the relative position or standing of things or especially persons in a society . 	40
ponder , consider , observe carefully 	consider in detail and subject to an analysis in order to discover essential features or meaning . 	41
persuade or achieve acceptance 	persuade somebody to accept something . 	42
physical matter left behind after a removal process 	matter that remains after something has been removed . 	43
any tall , vertical shape 	anything that approximates the shape of a column or tower . 	44
physically inflate 	become inflated . 	45
heavy radioactive metallic element , atomic number 92 	a heavy toxic silvery-white radioactive metallic element ; occurs in many isotopes ; used for nuclear fuels and nuclear weapons . 	46
Complain about something or say mean things to someone . 	say mean things . 	47
care about , be bothered by , be concerned by 	be offended or bothered by ; take offense with , be bothered by . 	48
the tallied points of a game , at a given time 	a number that expresses the accomplishment of a team or an individual in a game or contest . 	49
edit so as to block the truth ; prevent distribution 	subject to political , religious , or moral censorship . 	50
a casual , brief meeting with someone 	a casual or unexpected convergence . 	51
an electrical connection between conductor and earth 	a connection between an electrical device and a large conducting body , such as the earth -LRB- which is taken to be at zero voltage -RRB- . 	52
an agent 's act of terminating an activity or event 	the act of ending something . 	53
notable or famous persons -LRB- real or fictional -RRB- 	a well-known or notable person . 	54
a person who manipulate or controls a device or machine 	an agent that operates some apparatus or machine . 	55
find , determine the place of 	determine or indicate the place , site , or limits of , as if by an instrument or by a survey . 	56
to engage in plotting or activities of an illegal or deceitful nature 	act in unison or agreement and in secret towards a deceitful or illegal purpose . 	57
be equivalent , have the same effect as something 	be tantamount or equivalent to . 	58
-LRB- cause to -RRB- survive 	cause to move by pulling . 	59
the money 	a voluntary gift -LRB- as of money or service or ideas -RRB- made to some worthwhile cause . 	60
a sudden emotional vocalization 	a loud utterance of emotion -LRB- especially when inarticulate -RRB- . 	61
go back , restore , revive 	go back to a previous state . 	62
settlement of people distant from their homeland 	a body of people who settle far from home but maintain ties with their homeland ; inhabitants remain nationals of their home state but are not literally under the home state 's system of government . 	63
-LRB- The discovery or exhibition of -RRB- factual evidence that establishes the truth of something . 	a formal series of statements showing that if one thing is true something else necessarily follows from it . 	64
enter a realm , become involved with 	cause to move ; cause to be in a certain position or condition . 	65
a project or undertaking 	earnest and conscientious activity intended to do or accomplish something . 	66
a standardized system of measurements for heaviness 	a system of units used to express the weight of something . 	67
a concern or affair 	some situation or event that is thought about . 	68
have a strong sexual attraction to 	feel or have a desire for ; want strongly . 	69
a surrogate expression , utterance for a taboo word 	a blank character used to separate successive words in writing or printing . 	70
facility for secure storage of things , often money 	a facility where things can be deposited for storage or safekeeping . 	71
emit or cause to emit noise 	make a certain noise or sound . 	72
make physical contact with , possibly with the effect of physically manipulating . 	cause to be in brief contact with . 	73
find out or be informed of a new information , understand or realize 	get to know or become aware of , usually accidentally . 	74
head of a country 	the chief executive of a republic . 	75
Touch with the lips . 	touch with the lips or press the lips -LRB- against someone 's mouth or other body part -RRB- as an expression of love , greeting , etc. . . 	76
a natural physical force of drawing towards something 	the force used in pulling . 	77
a change which is a decrease 	a gradual decrease ; as of stored charge or current . 	78
an evaluation , an estimation of worth , a grade 	a number or letter indicating quality -LRB- especially of a student 's performance -RRB- . 	79
having responsibility for managing or supervising 	an impetuous rush toward someone or something . 	80
fail or suffer failure 	suffer failure , as in some enterprise . 	81
an abundance of something 	the property of copious abundance . 	82
An authoritative text or the corresponding citation . 	a short note recognizing a source of information or of a quoted passage . 	83
An instance of visual perception . 	-LRB- often followed by ` of ' -RRB- a large number or amount or extent . 	84
fluctuate , move back and forth 	sway to and fro . 	85
the alleviation of distress 	a change for the better . 	86
A ceremony marking admission into a religious community . 	a sacrament admitting a baptized person to full participation in the church . 	87
a social gesture of deferential greeting 	a courteous expression -LRB- by word or deed -RRB- of esteem or regard . 	88
move to a new location , state , or situation 	cause -LRB- a computer -RRB- to execute a single command . 	89
Change one for another 	give to , and receive from , one another . 	90
a full stop , as a punctuation mark 	a punctuation mark -LRB- . -RRB- placed at the end of a declarative sentence to indicate a full stop or after abbreviations . 	91
something that is craved 	something craved , especially an intravenous injection of a narcotic drug . 	92
to grow rapidly 	increase rapidly and in an uncontrolled manner . 	93
Speak in a high-pitched tone of voice , as either an animal or human might . 	make high-pitched sounds . 	94
domesticated animals kept for use or profit 	a special variety of domesticated animals within a species . 	95
a discipline , a branch of knowledge 	the discipline that records and interprets past events involving human beings . 	96
a person who is aggressively pursued , chased 	a person who is the aim of an attack -LRB- especially a victim of ridicule or exploitation -RRB- by some hostile person or influence . 	97
personnel casualty 	military personnel lost by death or capture . 	98
escape or avoid a situation or responsibility 	use cunning or deceit to escape or avoid . 	99
a relative loss in price , value 	a loss entailed by giving up or selling something at less than its value . 	100
a measurable or quantitative decrease 	a sudden sharp decrease in some quantity . 	101
Change the key , pitch , tone , or volume of , likely for aesthetic reasons . 	change the key of , in music . 	102
a written message of nonacceptance 	a message refusing to accept something that is offered . 	103
-LRB- cause to -RRB- stop speaking or bring about silence 	move so that an opening or passage is obstructed ; make shut . 	104
injure , scratch the surface 	cut the surface of ; wear away the surface of . 	105
A plant structure near the top of the plant . 	a fruiting structure resembling an umbrella or a cone that forms the top of a stalked fleshy fungus such as a mushroom . 	106
a written list of particular things being offered 	a list of particulars -LRB- as a playbill or bill of fare -RRB- . 	107
a notational mark used in writing , diacritic 	a diacritical mark used to indicate stress or placed above a vowel to indicate a special pronunciation . 	108
the state of believing in , or having confidence in , something or someone 	the trait of believing in the honesty and reliability of others . 	109
an attempt or effort to achieve a goal 	an attempt to get something . 	110
increase in amount , extent , or intensity 	go up or advance . 	111
clean , wash thoroughly 	clean with hard rubbing . 	112
compress out of shape or into small pieces 	become injured , broken , or distorted by pressure . 	113
point or direct object , weapon , or blow at something or someone 	point or cause to go -LRB- blows , weapons , or objects such as photographic equipment -RRB- towards . 	114
employ or utilize , put into service 	give or convey physically . 	115
Spin , wind , braid , or twist together , perhaps as when performing lacework . 	do lacework . 	116
a decorative container , often for holding flowers 	an open jar of glass or porcelain used as an ornament or to hold flowers . 	117
preserve , keep in safety , use frugally 	preserve with sugar . 	118
an open motorboat used for transport 	a motorboat with an open deck or a half deck . 	119
a process of development , increase or advancement 	a process of becoming larger or longer or more numerous or more important . 	120
Make sure of . 	be careful or certain to do something ; make certain of something . 	121
supply or furnish with something needed or wanted 	give something useful or necessary to . 	122
a sharp bladed instrument for shaving off hair 	edge tool used in shaving . 	123
learn , assimilate a body of knowledge 	learn by reading books . 	124
support ; hold up ; nurture or provide for 	lengthen or extend in duration or space . 	125
keep away , prevent from happening , or not do something 	refrain from doing something . 	126
Something that provides advice . 	something that provides direction or advice as to a decision or course of action . 	127
The act of copying the actions of someone else . 	a representation of a person that is exaggerated for comic effect . 	128
a physical entity 	a separate and self-contained entity . 	129
lessen in force , impact , or effect 	make less severe or harsh . 	130
a judgement or opinion about something 	a judgment of the qualities of something or somebody . 	131
flog or whip 	beat severely with a whip or rod . 	132
act , form , or progress according to a plan or ideal 	shape or influence ; give direction to . 	133
Germinate , as in a plant . 	produce buds , branches , or germinate . 	134
social sphere , scope of activity or interest 	a particular environment or walk of life . 	135
a static vertical layout , e.g. text or numbers 	a vertical array of numbers or other information . 	136
recognize , be familar or well-versed with 	be cognizant or aware of a fact or a specific piece of information ; possess knowledge or information about . 	137
a portrayal of someone or something , through words or behavior 	any likeness of a person , in any medium . 	138
a device to control the rate of some activity , e.g. , chemical or mechanical 	any of various controls or devices for regulating or controlling fluid flow , pressure , temperature , etc. . . 	139
Form an aesthetic or conceptual whole . 	cause to form a united , orderly , and aesthetically consistent whole . 	140
human legs , informal usage 	informal terms for the leg . 	141
goal or objective 	the goal intended to be attained -LRB- and which is believed to be attainable -RRB- . 	142
protect from heat , cold , or other detrimental conditions 	place or set apart . 	143
an allotment or percentage of something 	assets belonging to or due to or contributed by an individual person or group . 	144
something that attains victory 	an event that accomplishes its intended purpose . 	145
line up or make parallel ; bring into proper adjustment 	place in a line or arrange so as to be parallel or straight . 	146
a home furnishing that is a fabric cover 	bedclothes consisting of a lightweight cloth covering -LRB- an afghan or bedspread -RRB- that is casually thrown over something . 	147
meshed frame over windows and doors 	a protective covering consisting of netting ; can be mounted in a frame . 	148
a measure of the likelihood or probability of an event 	a measure of how likely it is that some event will occur ; a number expressing the ratio of favorable cases to the whole number of cases possible . 	149
Anyone who judges or finds fault with something . 	someone who frequently finds fault or makes harsh and unfair judgments . 	150
the rescue or release of someone , something 	recovery or preservation from loss or danger . 	151
observe , perceive 	observe with care or pay close attention to . 	152
limit , keep under control , deter , forbid 	to compel or deter by or as if by threats . 	153
stick out , jut out , protrude 	extend out or project in space . 	154
to act as the host of 	be the host of or for . 	155
put an end to , make invalid a process that 's already begun 	make invalid for use . 	156
enjoy , be fond of or approve 	feel about or towards ; consider , evaluate , or regard . 	157
per centum 	a proportion in relation to a whole -LRB- which is usually the amount per hundred -RRB- . 	158
an approximate attribute or quality of something 	an approximate definition or example . 	159
The act of having and controlling property . 	the state or fact of being an owner . 	160
a physical protuberance , large or small 	a natural elevation -LRB- especially a rocky one that juts out into the sea -RRB- . 	161
estimate or calculate the numerical value of something 	evaluate or estimate the nature , quality , ability , extent , or significance of . 	162
a portion or percentage of a whole 	the part played by a person in bringing about a result . 	163
lightest most abundant element , atomic number 1 	a nonmetallic univalent element that is normally a colorless and odorless highly flammable diatomic gas ; the simplest and lightest and most abundant element in the universe . 	164
a unit cost of something 	a single chance or instance . 	165
move back and forth 	move or sway in a rising and falling or wavelike pattern . 	166
a cyclical span of time defined by a calendar system 	a period of time containing 365 -LRB- or 366 -RRB- days . 	167
face an event and survive ; endure 	face and withstand with courage . 	168
-LRB- medicine -RRB- the capacity of an organism to defend against disease . 	-LRB- medicine -RRB- the condition in which an organism can resist disease . 	169
a statement , an idea expressed in language 	a brief statement . 	170
perform a duty 	do duty or hold offices ; serve in a specific function . 	171
soldier who is a member of a special forces group 	a member of a military unit trained as shock troops for hit-and-run raids . 	172
become master of , overcome , dominate 	get on top of ; deal with successfully . 	173
area of damaged , cut tissue on a living body 	a casualty to military personnel resulting from combat . 	174
revolve 	change directions as if revolving on a pivot . 	175
twice the quantity or amount of something 	a quantity that is twice as great as another . 	176
Give an incentive for action , provoke or stir up , urge on , or cause to act . 	provoke or stir up . 	177
Funeral direction 	the trade of a funeral director . 	178
to ignite or catch on fire 	catch fire . 	179
a large approximate quantity of some attribute or thing 	a concentrated example of something . 	180
Medicines 	a substance that is used as a medicine or narcotic . 	181
a method for solving a problem 	the successful action of solving a problem . 	182
reach an objective , attain a benchmark or goal 	develop in a positive way . 	183
take something or someone away from somewhere 	go away or leave . 	184
a stiffener in a garment 	-LRB- nautical -RRB- brace consisting of a heavy rope or wire cable used as a support for a mast or spar . 	185
a constructed underground passageway 	a passageway through or under something , usually underground -LRB- especially one for trains or cars -RRB- . 	186
discern , identify , or know because of a previous experience 	be fully aware or cognizant of . 	187
move or change one 's own position or quality 	move very slightly . 	188
incorporate or enclose one thing in another 	incorporate a food ingredient into a mixture by repeatedly turning it over without stirring or beating . 	189
guide , draw through 	pass over , across , or through . 	190
rescue , redeem , deliver from harm or danger 	refrain from harming . 	191
beat -LRB- as if -RRB- with a whip or rod 	strike as if by whipping . 	192
the medical procedure of manually turning the uterus 	manual turning of a fetus in the uterus -LRB- usually to aid delivery -RRB- . 	193
create an edge or border 	enclose in or as if in a frame . 	194
restart or continue an activity after an interruption or pause 	take up or begin anew . 	195
capture , ensnare , discover in the act 	discover or come upon accidentally , suddenly , or unexpectedly ; catch somebody doing something or in a certain state . 	196
initiation , founding , introduction of something 	the act of starting something for the first time ; introducing something new . 	197
a creased or bent form 	an angular or rounded shape made by folding . 	198
train , tutor or polish social behavior , taste , judgement 	teach or refine to be discriminative in taste or judgment . 	199
a mental activity of construing or interpreting 	an interpretation of a text or action . 	200
emphasize ; draw attention to ; underline 	draw a line or lines underneath to call attention to . 	201
possibility for the future 	a prediction of the course of a disease . 	202
require or need something that is missing 	have need of . 	203
an indication or manifestation of something , often physical 	an indication of damage . 	204
a sudden , brief burst of light 	a momentary brightness . 	205
come or bring back to life , health , existence or use 	cause to regain consciousness . 	206
A mental state of sadness . 	a mental state characterized by a pessimistic sense of inadequacy and a despondent lack of activity . 	207
position or location change 	the act of changing the location of something . 	208
-LRB- cause to -RRB- move through a space , circuit or system , usu . returning to the starting point 	move in circles . 	209
bring in to consonance 	bring -LRB- several things -RRB- into consonance or relate harmoniously . 	210
submit , send to 	cause to move ; cause to be in a certain position or condition . 	211
state of being unified 	the state of being joined or united or linked . 	212
-LRB- Cause to -RRB- become different or aquire a different character , possibly during development . 	become distinct and acquire a different character . 	213
an objective or goal 	the goal intended to be attained -LRB- and which is believed to be attainable -RRB- . 	214
seize and take captive ; take or gain possession of something 	take possession of by force , as after an invasion . 	215
give , dedicate , pledge 	give entirely to a specific person , activity , or cause . 	216
decide a specific time for an event 	make a schedule ; plan the time and place for events . 	217
value a thing or course of action more highly than another 	like better ; value more highly . 	218
give something for a cause 	give to a charity or good cause . 	219
furnish with a guideline 	furnish with rubrics or regulate by rubrics . 	220
a social entreaty , as courtship or pleading 	a petition or appeal made to a person of superior status or rank . 	221
fail in strength or health and cease to funtion 	break down , literally or metaphorically . 	222
reply verbally or in written form to a question , comment , letter , or speech 	react verbally . 	223
a slight cut in a physical surface 	a slight surface cut -LRB- especially a notch that is made to keep a tally -RRB- . 	224
cause something to be the case 	cause to move ; cause to be in a certain position or condition . 	225
a state of confinement in a small space 	the act of forcing yourself -LRB- or being forced -RRB- into or through a restricted space . 	226
state or explain the meaning 	give a definition for the meaning of a word . 	227
cause animals to move 	pursue for food or sport -LRB- as of wild animals -RRB- . 	228
be against , resist 	act against or in opposition to . 	229
a quantity of money added to a bank account 	money deposited in a bank or some similar institution . 	230
cause to come into existence ; create 	bring into being . 	231
Performance , routine 	a short theatrical performance that is part of a longer program . 	232
people assembled together in a rhythmic movement 	a party of people assembled for dancing . 	233
a computer server 	-LRB- computer science -RRB- a computer that provides client stations with access to files and printers as shared resources to a computer network . 	234
forbid , prohibit 	forbid the public distribution of -LRB- a movie or a newspaper -RRB- . 	235
computer text files 	-LRB- computer science -RRB- a computer file that contains text -LRB- and possibly formatting instructions -RRB- using seven-bit ASCII characters . 	236
a speech act of acknowledging gratitude for something 	an acknowledgment of appreciation . 	237
a state of pretending to be someone , something else 	an outward semblance that misrepresents the true nature of something . 	238
Become widespread as an idea or feeling . 	cause to become widely known . 	239
connect with ; reach a target or goal 	perceive with the senses quickly , suddenly , or momentarily . 	240
income collected as tax by a government 	government income due to taxation . 	241
be the deciding factor in a state of affairs or an outcome 	shape or influence ; give direction to . 	242
end 	put an end to . 	243
a region allocated to hold something 	the particular portion of space occupied by something . 	244
acknowledge a contribution or cause 	have trust in ; trust in the truth or veracity of . 	245
arrangement 	logical or comprehensible arrangement of separate elements . 	246
system of arrangement 	an arrangement scheme . 	247
close within bounds ; deprive of freedom 	to close within bounds , limit or hold back from movement . 	248
to collect , acquire or gather 	get or gather together . 	249
deliver a formal talk or reprimand at length 	censure severely or angrily . 	250
a pair of mated people , e.g. , married 	a pair of people who live together . 	251
rot ; become unfit for consumption 	become unfit for consumption or use . 	252
lock with one another 	become engaged or intermeshed with one another . 	253
take vows , join or allow to join a religious order 	take vows , as in religious order . 	254
activity of selling 	the general activity of selling . 	255
give out , allow to have 	allow to have . 	256
secondary public school , grades 9-12 	a public secondary school usually including grades 9 through 12 . 	257
Benjamin Rush , physician and American Revolutionary leader . 	physician and American Revolutionary leader ; signer of the Declaration of Independence -LRB- 1745-1813 -RRB- . 	258
luggage compartment of a car 	British term for the luggage compartment in a car . 	259
have a monopoly of ; control fully 	have or exploit a monopoly of . 	260
reduce to a simpler molecular compound 	reduce -LRB- petroleum -RRB- to a simpler compound by cracking . 	261
cause to be interested 	attract ; cause to be enamored . 	262
To remain emotionally or intellectually attached without necessary physical contact . 	to remain emotionally or intellectually attached . 	263
The act of transporting goods commerically at rates cheaper than express rates . 	transporting goods commercially at rates cheaper than express rates . 	264
-LRB- An occurance of -RRB- the preservation or management of natural resources . 	the preservation and careful management of the environment and of natural resources . 	265
remove the pod , husk or shell 	fall out of the pod or husk . 	266
abstain from eating or from certain foods 	abstain from eating . 	267
feel hot or painful , as if burning 	feel hot or painful . 	268
-LRB- cause to -RRB- return after being refused 	come back after being refused . 	269
a loss of function 	loss of ability to function normally . 	270
administrator , one who controls resources 	someone who controls resources and expenditures . 	271
a stovetop , cooking appliance 	a kitchen appliance used for cooking food . 	272
rinse one 's mouth with mouthwash , gargle 	rinse one 's mouth and throat with mouthwash . 	273
a quantity that is an approximate calculation 	an approximate calculation of quantity or degree or worth . 	274
turn on an axis ; spin 	turn on or around an axis or a center . 	275
marriage offer 	an offer of marriage . 	276
Try to gain favor by flattering or showing submission or fear . 	show submission or fear . 	277
the public submission of a legal record 	the entering of a legal document into the public record . 	278
Shrivel , wither , or mature imperfectly , as of a flower . 	shrivel or wither or mature imperfectly . 	279
have faith in , bet on 	have faith or confidence in . 	280
burst into flames -LRB- telic -RRB- 	start to burn or burst into flames . 	281
The cognitive processes and capacity to remember . 	the cognitive processes whereby past experience is remembered . 	282
mechanism that controls the water level in a section of canal 	enclosure consisting of a section of canal that can be closed to control the water level ; used to raise or lower vessels that pass through it . 	283
an onerous worry or concern 	an onerous or difficult concern . 	284
someone or something that is the agent of fulfilling desired expectations 	someone -LRB- or something -RRB- on which expectations are centered . 	285
a sharp side of an object 	a sharp side formed by the intersection of two surfaces of an object . 	286
the forceful hit of a ball 	hitting a golf ball off of a tee with a driver . 	287
Fine powdery material ; the remains of something destroyed or broken up . 	the remains of something that has been destroyed or broken up . 	288
throw with force 	utter with force ; utter vehemently . 	289
Treat a substance with some agent ; add an agent to . 	treat with an agent ; add -LRB- an agent -RRB- to . 	290
pass through the esophagus 	pass through the esophagus as part of eating or drinking . 	291
move freely -LRB- usually within a bounded space -RRB- 	cause to move or operate freely within a bounded space . 	292
secrete or form water 	secrete or form water , as tears or saliva . 	293
the state of being in contact 	the state of being connected . 	294
a variant of a musical theme which employs notes of reduced duration from the original theme 	the statement of a theme in notes of lesser duration -LRB- usually half the length of the original -RRB- . 	295
time to come 	the time yet to come . 	296
the legal state of owing money 	the state of owing something -LRB- especially money -RRB- . 	297
a style and size of typeset 	a specific size and style of type within a type family . 	298
demand , ask for , or take as one 's due 	demand as being one 's due or property ; assert one 's right or title to . 	299
Cause to be distrusted or rejected ; damage the reputation of . 	damage the reputation of . 	300
Give equal rights to , as of the right to vote . 	give equal rights to ; of women and minorities . 	301
-LRB- cause to -RRB- lengthen or expand in time or some abstract realm 	lengthen in time ; cause to be or last longer . 	302
a knapsack , bundle on the back 	a bundle -LRB- especially one carried on the back -RRB- . 	303
a person who delivers information or goods 	a person who conveys -LRB- carries or transmits -RRB- . 	304
having an intuitive understanding or appreciation of something 	an intuitive understanding of something . 	305
adherence to moral principles 	adhering to moral principles . 	306
have sex with 	have sexual intercourse with . 	307
partake or provide a banquet 	partake in a feast or banquet . 	308
make a ticking sound 	make a clicking or ticking sound . 	310
run or flow slowly 	run or flow slowly , as in drops or in an unsteady stream . 	311
Write a computer programme . 	write a computer program . 	312
a state of social order in conformance with existing law 	a state of order in which events conform to the law . 	313
An electronic storage device . 	an electronic memory device . 	314
a reference line used to align lettering 	a light line that is used in lettering to help align the letters . 	315
the quality of dedication , fixity of purpose 	the trait of sincere and steadfast fixity of purpose . 	316
Look furtively at something . 	look furtively . 	317
cast off , get rid of something 	get rid of . 	318
recover posession or get back again 	get or find back ; recover the use of . 	319
a coefficient assigned to elements in a frequency distribution in order to indicate the relative importance of each element 	-LRB- statistics -RRB- a coefficient assigned to elements of a frequency distribution in order to represent their relative importance . 	320
-LRB- cause to -RRB- move around 	cause to move round and round . 	321
become due 	become due for repayment . 	322
Provide medical care for . 	provide veterinary care for . 	323
do over , make new 	make new . 	324
coat , cover , or treat the surface of 	put a coat on ; cover the surface of ; furnish with a surface . 	325
BASEBALL : strike out a batter 	strike out -LRB- a batter -RRB- , -LRB- of a pitcher -RRB- . 	326
Regain or make up for , as of a financial loss . 	regain or make up for . 	327
duplicate , match 	duplicate or match . 	328
indistinct vocal articulations 	indistinct articulation . 	329
the act of shoving something away 	the act of applying force in order to move something away . 	330
move or drive forcefully as if by a punch . 	drive forcibly as if by a punch . 	331
an intense surprise , often unpleasant 	an unpleasant or disappointing surprise . 	332
Make less emotionally hostile ; win over mentally or emotionally . 	make less hostile ; win over . 	333
informal usage for a domestic cat , often young 	informal terms referring to a domestic cat . 	334
The act of sorting one thing from others . 	sorting one thing from others . 	335
the act of physically affixing or connecting things 	the act of fastening things together . 	336
the people who dwell in a camp 	a group of people living together in a camp . 	337
An unforseen development . 	an unforeseen development . 	338
make impure ; make radioactive 	make impure . 	340
a long , thin implement , usually made of wood 	an implement consisting of a length of wood . 	341
Formally reject or disavow a formerly held belief ; retract a statement . 	formally reject or disavow a formerly held belief , usually under pressure . 	342
-LRB- Cause to -RRB- to turn to the left side . 	turn or go to the port or left side , of a ship . 	343
Entail as a necessary accompaniment or result 	impose , involve , or imply as a necessary accompaniment or result . 	344
Physically attach to something . 	fix to ; attach . 	345
assign to a particular task 	assign to a specific task . 	346
culminating event 	be the culminating event . 	347
act of constructing 	the act of constructing something . 	348
the primary information-processing component of a computer , of a microprocessor chip 	-LRB- computer science -RRB- the part of a computer -LRB- a microprocessor chip -RRB- that does most of the data processing . 	349
consider again , usually with a view to changing 	consider again -LRB- a bill -RRB- that had been voted upon before , with a view to altering it . 	350
cancel , reverse , annul 	cancel , annul , or reverse an action or its effect . 	351
define ; determine essential qualities of 	determine the essential quality of . 	352
The pursuit and killing or capture of animals . 	the pursuit and killing or capture of wild animals regarded as a sport . 	353
manipulate the registers of a musical instrument 	manipulate the registers of an organ . 	354
move in an irregular course 	move to and fro or from place to place usually in an irregular course . 	355
the legal granting or bestowment of rights 	the act of granting rights . 	356
jolt of electrical current to the body 	a reflex response to the passage of electric current through the body . 	357
Become pregnant . 	become pregnant ; undergo conception . 	358
the bestowing of a franchise , enfranchisment 	the act of certifying or bestowing a franchise on . 	359
act of distributing 	the act of apportioning or distributing something . 	360
The state of being more than satisfied or satiated . 	the state of being more than full . 	361
conscious subjective emotion or desire 	the conscious subjective aspect of feeling or emotion . 	362
The act of proposing someone as a candidate for something . 	the condition of having been proposed as a suitable candidate for appointment or election . 	363
to hunt snipe 	hunt or shoot snipe . 	364
hunt for hawks 	hunt with hawks . 	365
a continuous horizontal layer of brick 	-LRB- construction -RRB- a layer of masonry . 	366
a brief attempt at some endeavor 	a usually brief attempt . 	367
propagation of waves back from a surface 	the phenomenon of a propagating wave -LRB- light or sound -RRB- being thrown back from a surface . 	368
examine minutely ; search diligently 	examine minutely . 	369
enjoy , be fond of or approve 	be fond of . 	370
a person under the guardianship or custody of another 	a person who is under the protection or in the custody of another . 	371
Strike or hit sharply , perhaps as in sport . 	strike sharply , as in some sports . 	372
Fly in or on a glider plane 	fly in or as if in a glider plane . 	373
one fourth of a year 	a fourth part of a year ; three months . 	374
make an abstract thing tight or more restrictive 	make tight or tighter . 	375
provide -LRB- a person or group -RRB- with power or authority 	provide with power and authority . 	376
Run at a moderately swift pace , as for exercise . 	run at a moderately swift pace . 	377
Envelop completely ; form a cover over . 	form an impenetrable cover over . 	378
mold for casting , setting concrete 	a mold for setting concrete . 	379
cause friction ; wear away or erode 	wear away or erode . 	380
A feeling for something that is desired intensely . 	something that is desired intensely . 	381
put or store in a bottle 	store -LRB- liquids or gases -RRB- in bottles . 	382
Be a sign or indication of ; have as a meaning . 	be a sign or indication of . 	383
the act of choosing , picking one among many 	the act of choosing or selecting . 	384
act of becoming distant , moving away from 	the act of becoming more distant . 	385
take in marriage ; perform a marriage ceremony 	take in marriage . 	386
Skip , leap , or move up and down or sideways as a manner of motion . 	skip , leap , or move up and down or sideways . 	387
a military fortification , stronghold 	a stronghold . 	388
the fashionable elite of a given community 	the fashionable elite . 	389
characteristic call of an animal 	the characteristic utterance of an animal . 	390
make or become more acute or intense 	make more intense , stronger , or more marked . 	391
A journey for some purpose . 	a journey for some purpose -LRB- usually including the return -RRB- . 	392
Fake or falsify ; control in a fraudulent manner . 	manipulate in a fraudulent manner . 	393
fruit cooked down with sugar , jam 	fruit preserved by cooking with sugar . 	394
the act of leading or guiding others 	the activity of leading . 	395
coating used as a repellant to moisture 	a finishing coat applied to exclude moisture . 	396
a person who cleans chimneys 	someone who cleans soot from chimneys . 	397
Shine intensely ; emit a steady , even light from a source . 	emit a steady even light without flames . 	398
behave in a certain way ; have a specific effect or outcome 	behave in a certain way . 	399
communicate with a hiss 	express or utter with a hiss . 	400
a male bee whose function is to fertilize the queen 	stingless male bee in a colony of social bees -LRB- especially honeybees -RRB- whose sole function is to mate with the queen . 	401
a sporting match , boxing 	a boxing or wrestling match . 	402
cause to reproduce -LRB- plants or animals -RRB- 	cause to procreate -LRB- animals -RRB- . 	403
The feeling of annoyance at being hindered or thwarted . 	a feeling of annoyance at being hindered or criticized . 	404
move along on wheels 	move along on or as if on wheels or a wheeled vehicle . 	405
-LSB- provide with a new or different resting place 	provide with a new seat . 	406
activity of extracting ore or other matter from the ground 	the act of extracting ores or coal etc from the earth . 	407
to interrupt , enter uninvited 	enter uninvited . 	408
A person or thing equal to another in value or significane . 	a person or thing equal to another in value or measure or force or effect or significance etc. . 	409
a cause or source of harm 	a cause of pain or injury or loss . 	410
make -LRB- more -RRB- comprehensible 	make clear and -LRB- more -RRB- comprehensible . 	411
the state of being retained 	the act of retaining something . 	412
a problem , something wrong 	a problem . 	413
stretch out or over completely 	stretch out completely . 	414
continue to live , exist , or prosper 	continue to live through hardship or adversity . 	415
a caress with the lips 	the act of caressing with the lips -LRB- or an instance thereof -RRB- . 	416
Provide with rails , as by laying . 	lay with rails . 	417
the close approach of one object to another 	the motion of one object relative to another . 	418
make a hole with a pointed tool 	make a hole , especially with a pointed power or hand tool . 	419
Fix -LRB- something old -RRB- with a new part ; improve . 	piece -LRB- something old -RRB- with a new part . 	420
the act of damaging something , causing breakage 	the act of breaking something . 	421
the ground level of a multi-storied building 	the floor of a building that is at or nearest to the level of the ground around the building . 	422
A quantity of something 	a quantity of money . 	423
a large room 	the large room of a manor or castle . 	424
leave out , omit , prevent from entering 	prevent from entering ; keep out . 	425
Sniff at inquiringly . 	sniff or smell inquiringly . 	426
provide lodging for 	provide housing for . 	427
Change the purpose or functioning of a system . 	change the inherent purpose or function of something . 	428
provide with tools or items for a specific purpose 	provide with -LRB- something -RRB- usually for a specific purpose . 	429
gain points in a game ; add up -LRB- numbers -RRB- 	gain points in a game . 	430
travel in front of , be first , precede 	travel in front of ; go in advance of others . 	431
Remove by rubbing 	remove by or as if by rubbing or erasing . 	432
the hard upper part of the human nose 	the hard ridge that forms the upper part of the nose . 	433
make shine 	make -LRB- a surface -RRB- shine . 	434
recover , return to former state 	return to a former condition . 	435
remove the pod , husk or shell 	remove the husks from . 	436
speed up the process of 	speed up the progress of ; facilitate . 	437
-LRB- cause to -RRB- swing and miss the third pitch , striking out 	strike out by swinging and missing the pitch charged as the third . 	438
Literally and quantifiably raise in social rank or status . 	raise in rank , character , or status . 	439
alter by chemical means , to make images . 	make visible by means of chemical solutions . 	440
highly infectious viral disease 	an acute febrile highly contagious viral disease . 	441
make a certain size or sort according to size 	make to a size ; bring to a suitable size . 	442
Remove tree stumps from an area . 	remove tree stumps from . 	443
pass the tongue over , take up with the tongue 	pass the tongue over . 	444
a computer-generated visual image 	an image that is generated by a computer . 	445
do better in a competition ; win 	come out better in a competition , race , or conflict . 	446
aerodynamic force that opposed gravity 	the component of the aerodynamic forces acting on an airfoil that opposes gravity . 	447
Start abruptly , ignite 	start abruptly . 	448
a local announcement made within a public broadcast 	-LRB- broadcasting -RRB- a local announcement inserted into a network program . 	449
making real or concrete 	something that is made real or concrete . 	450
Sound sharply or shrilly , as if stabbing . 	sound sharply or shrilly . 	451
the act of officially gaining entrance to somewhere 	the act of admitting someone to enter . 	452
spend time in prison 	spend time in prison or in a labor camp . 	453
hold , contain within 	contain or hold ; have within . 	454
act of verbally informing 	the act of informing by verbal report . 	455
forcefully request 	request urgently and forcefully . 	456
the quality of dissimilarity 	the quality of being unlike or dissimilar . 	457
throw quickly , flick 	throw quickly . 	458
move to and fro around a particular point or points , remain near 	move to and fro . 	459
Put up with something or someone unpleasant ; show deference towards someone or some authority . 	put up with something or somebody unpleasant . 	460
the breakup or termination of a social relationship 	the termination or disintegration of a relationship -LRB- between persons or nations -RRB- . 	461
destruction of a ship 	destroy a ship . 	462
The human act of making something new . 	the act of starting something for the first time ; introducing something new . 	463
ride -LRB- a bicycle or motorcycle -RRB- 	ride a motorcycle . 	464
The principal activity that one does to earn money . 	the principal activity in your life that you do to earn money . 	465
maintain or preserve a particular condition , state , or activity 	continue a certain state , condition , or activity . 	466
a spoken or written reply to a question 	a statement -LRB- either spoken or written -RRB- that is made to reply to a question or request or criticism or accusation . 	467
committee with supervisory powers 	a committee having supervisory powers . 	468
a section of a composition , textual or musical 	a short section of a musical composition . 	469
a gear for changing the motion of a machine to the opposite direction 	the gears by which the motion of a machine can be reversed . 	470
take a digestion-aiding walk after a meal 	take a walk for one 's health or to aid digestion , as after a meal . 	471
forked form or shape 	a part of a forked or branching shape . 	472
insert or close with a plug 	fill or close tightly with or as if with a plug . 	473
incite some act of insubordination 	incite , move , or persuade to some act of lawlessness or insubordination . 	474
formally announce the termination of an agreement 	announce the termination of , as of treaties . 	475
beat or pound rapidly 	cause to throb or beat rapidly . 	476
Make a line or marks on a surface ; copy by following the lines of 	make a mark or lines on a surface . 	477
recite as a chant , intone 	recite with musical intonation ; recite as a chant or a psalm . 	478
the ability of computers to exchange digital information between them and make use of it 	-LRB- computer science -RRB- the ability to exchange and use information -LRB- usually in a large heterogeneous network made up of several local area networks -RRB- . 	479
act of applying force 	the act of applying force suddenly . 	480
the process of becoming less or smaller 	a process of becoming smaller or shorter . 	481
Be in command of ; exercise authority or control over . 	exercise authoritative control or power over . 	482
be a factor or play a role in something 	be or play a part of or in . 	483
an expanse of land 	an extended area of land . 	484
move an implement through with a circular motion , mix 	move an implement through . 	485
deprive of courage , hope , or optimism 	deprive of courage or hope ; take away hope from ; cause to feel discouraged . 	486
the armed forces 	a force that is a branch of the armed forces . 	487
Furnish with metal spurs . 	furnish with spars . 	488
Remove water from a substance . 	remove water from . 	489
Provide with rails , as by laying . 	provide with rails . 	490
make or be a summary 	be a summary of . 	491
be affected with smut or mildew 	affect with smut or mildew , as of a crop such as corn . 	492
Talk or behave amorously ; have sex with . 	talk or behave amorously , without serious intentions . 	493
Excuse some minor social infraction ; accept an excuse for something . 	accept an excuse for . 	494
indicate , be signs or symptoms of 	be a signal for or a symptom of . 	495
a verbal or written request for access to something . 	a verbal or written request for assistance or employment or admission to a school . 	496
have a logical result 	have as a logical consequence . 	497
Travel on foot . 	cross on foot . 	498
the act of suction 	the act of sucking . 	499
A band of leather or rope made to identify animals . 	a band of leather or rope that is placed around an animal 's neck as a harness or to identify it . 	500
Put a harness on . 	put a harness . 	501
Provide or equip specifically with furniture . 	provide or equip with furniture . 	502
To move -LRB- the head or body -RRB- quickly downwards or away -LRB- from something -RRB- . 	to move -LRB- the head or body -RRB- quickly downwards or away . 	503
reason or establish by deduction 	reason by deduction ; establish by deduction . 	504
Make pregnant ; fertilize and cause to grow . 	fertilize and cause to grow . 	505
find the solution to or understand the meaning of 	find the solution to -LRB- a problem or question -RRB- or understand the meaning of . 	506
Move about in a confused or purposeless manner . 	move about in a confused manner . 	507
put up with something unpleasant 	put up with something or somebody unpleasant . 	508
A means or agency by which something is communicated . 	a means or agency by which something is expressed or communicated . 	509
take apart into constituent pieces 	take apart into its constituent pieces . 	510
A short theatrical program that is part of a longer program . 	a short theatrical performance that is part of a longer program . 	511
decree , issue an order 	issue an order . 	512
the termination , ending of a meeting 	the termination of a meeting . 	513
An indicator that orients one generally . 	an indicator that orients you generally . 	514
Increase the acoustic volume of . 	increase the volume of . 	515
open to members of all races and ethnic groups 	open -LRB- a place -RRB- to members of all races and ethnic groups . 	516
reduce to small pieces by pounding or abrading 	reduce to small pieces or particles by pounding or abrading . 	517
hit a fly -LRB- baseball -RRB- 	hit a fly . 	518
FISHING-exhaust by allowing to pull on the line 	exhaust by allowing to pull on the line . 	519
be or come into conflict 	be incompatible ; be or come into conflict . 	520
Produce a phonemic click . 	produce a click . 	521
angle with a hook and line and draw through water 	angle with a hook and line drawn through the water . 	522
the front face of a building 	the face or front of a building . 	523
make something more diverse or varied 	make something more diverse and varied . 	524
issue bonds on something 	issue bonds on . 	525
women 's sleeveless undergarment 	a woman 's sleeveless undergarment . 	526
Move oneself very fast . 	move very fast . 	527
Oppose or approach , as in hostility or competition 	oppose , as in hostility or a competition . 	528
make more complex or intricate 	make more complex , intricate , or richer . 	529
create a new entity by putting components or members together 	create by putting components or members together . 	531
the activity of providing supplies 	the activity of supplying or providing something . 	532
make or become brighter or lighter 	make lighter or brighter . 	533
actors in a play 	the actors in a play . 	534
take someone 's soul into heaven 	take up someone 's soul into heaven . 	535
Discipline in personal or social activities . 	discipline in personal and social activities . 	536
a person eating a meal , often in a restaurant 	a person eating a meal -LRB- especially in a restaurant -RRB- . 	537
A sudden -LRB- emotional -RRB- outburst . 	a sudden outburst . 	538
make or become harder 	make hard or harder . 	539
the introductory portion of a story 	the introductory section of a story . 	540
work material with a tool 	work with a tool . 	541
make or become less strict or severe 	make less severe or strict . 	542
support by placing on or against something solid 	support by placing against something solid or rigid . 	543
Part , cease , or break association with -LRB- something -RRB- . 	part ; cease or break association with . 	544
have the financial means to obtain , buy , or do something 	have the financial means to do something or buy something . 	545
A list of candidates nominated by a political party to run for election . 	a list of candidates nominated by a political party to run for election to public offices . 	546
say , state , or perform again 	to say , state , or perform again . 	547
allow the passage of air 	allow the passage of air through . 	548
unite ; merge with something already in existence 	unite or merge with something already in existence . 	549
use resources or materials 	use up -LRB- resources or materials -RRB- . 	550
make or become harder 	become hard or harder . 	551
-LRB- Cause to -RRB- be firmly attached or closed . 	cause to be firmly attached . 	552
make or become wider or more extensive 	become broader or wider or more extensive . 	553
Unrestricted freedom to use something . 	unrestricted freedom to use . 	554
laying claim , the act of taking possession of , or power over , something . 	the act of taking possession of or power over something . 	555
give structure to 	give a structure to . 	556
mark with scars 	mark with a scar . 	557
-LRB- Baseball -RRB- Tag the base runner to get him out . 	tag the base runner to get him out . 	558
Be reflected as heat , light , or shock waves ; . 	be reflected as heat , sound , or light or shock waves . 	559
a competitor most likely to win 	a competitor thought likely to win . 	560
make or become longer 	become long or longer . 	561
be on base at the end of an inning 	to be on base at the end of an inning , of a player . 	562
Either of the two categories -LRB- male or female -RRB- into which most organisms are divided , or key properties that distinguish the categories . 	either of the two categories -LRB- male or female -RRB- into which most organisms are divided . 	563
-LRB- science -RRB- The atomic weight of an element that has the same combining capacity as a given weight of another element . 	the atomic weight of an element that has the same combining capacity as a given weight of another element ; the standard is 8 for oxygen . 	564
provide with a toggle 	provide with a toggle or toggles . 	565
-LRB- cause to -RRB- move back and forth or side to side 	cause to move back and forth . 	566
measure the depth of a body of water 	measure the depth of -LRB- a body of water -RRB- with a sounding line . 	567
make a loud noise , as an animal 	make a loud noise , as of animal . 	568
The act of coming to rest after a voyage . 	the act of coming to land after a voyage . 	569
join or bring together -LRB- two -RRB- objects , ideas , or people 	bring two objects , ideas , or people together . 	570
Make reference to something . 	make reference to . 	571
Behave violently , as if in a state of great anger ; break or tear violently . 	behave violently , as if in state of a great anger . 	572
Form a spiral or move in a spiral course . 	move in a spiral or zigzag course . 	573
a feeling of aversion , distaste , antipathy 	a feeling of aversion or antipathy . 	574
Release -LRB- gas or energy -RRB- as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition -LRB- perhaps in a metaphorical sense -RRB- 	release -LRB- gas or energy -RRB- as a result of a chemical reaction or physical decomposition . 	575
overcome with amazement ; flabbergast 	overcome with amazement . 	576
behave in a condescending manner 	behave in a patronizing and condescending manner . 	577
take into one 's family or group 	take into one 's family . 	578
-LRB- Contract bridge -RRB- the highest bid becomes the contract setting in the number of tricks that the bidder must make . 	-LRB- contract bridge -RRB- the highest bid becomes the contract setting the number of tricks that the bidder must make . 	579
go on a campaign or off to war 	go on a campaign ; go off to war . 	580
react , or respond to a call , command , or stimulus 	react to a stimulus or command . 	581
-LRB- Literally -RRB- sound with resonance . 	sound with resonance . 	582
an injury to the skin caused by radiation , heat or chemicals 	an injury caused by exposure to heat or chemicals or radiation . 	583
make a causal or logical connection ; group together 	make a logical or causal connection . 	584
Apply conditioner to make smooth and shiny . 	apply conditioner to in order to make smooth and shiny . 	585
exercise or have power of memory 	exercise , or have the power of , memory . 	586
A feeling or state of extreme anger . 	a state of extreme anger . 	587
Wrinkled , crumpled , or creased . 	become wrinkled or crumpled or creased . 	588
an accounting period of 12 months 	any accounting period of 12 months . 	590
praise the qualities in order to sell or promote 	make a plug for ; praise the qualities or in order to sell or promote . 	591
relative darkness of a color 	relative darkness or lightness of a color . 	592
Strike heavily , especially with a fist or implement . 	strike heavily , especially with the fist or a bat . 	593
Make receptive or willing toward an action or belief . 	make receptive or willing towards an action or attitude or belief . 	594
open again , open anew 	open again or anew . 	595
A conceptual formulation ; a way of conceiving something . 	a way of conceiving something . 	596
heat metal prior to working it 	heat a metal prior to working it . 	597
feel the strong need to eat 	feel the need to eat . 	598
be in direct physical contact with 	be in direct physical contact with ; make contact . 	599
Give suck to ; receive suck . 	give suck to . 	600
covering for a bed 	decorative cover for a bed . 	601
grip , penetrate or tear off with or as if with the teeth or jaws 	to grip , cut off , or tear with or as if with the teeth or jaws . 	602
play a stringed instrument with a bow 	play on a string instrument with a bow . 	603
Doubt or an impression that something might not be the case . 	an impression that something might be the case . 	604
A successful throw or try for a point after a touchdown . 	a successful free throw or try for point after a touchdown . 	605
Express audibly ; utter sounds -LRB- not necessarily words -RRB- ; indicate . 	express audibly ; utter sounds -LRB- not necessarily words -RRB- . 	606
hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness 	pause or hold back in uncertainty or unwillingness . 	607
a serving of a beverage 	a single serving of a beverage . 	608
Give an incentive or reason for action . 	give an incentive for action . 	609
the day before today 	the day immediately before today . 	610
take or capture by force or authority 	take or capture by force . 	611
-LRB- Medicine -RRB- Apply a plaster cast to . 	apply a plaster cast to . 	612
interfere with someone else 's activity 	interfere in someone else 's activity . 	613
Assign a new time for an event 	assign a new time and place for an event . 	614
Value measured by what must be given or done to obtain something . 	value measured by what must be given or done or undergone to obtain something . 	615
touch or hold with the hands 	touch , lift , or hold with the hands . 	616
scrape or rub to relieve itching 	scrape or rub as if to relieve itching . 	617
give a detailed account of 	narrate or give a detailed account of . 	618
Any activity that acquires a person 's attention . 	any activity that occupies a person 's attention . 	619
cause to become awake or alert 	cause to become awake or conscious . 	620
provide a feast or banquet 	provide a feast or banquet for . 	621
The act of hindering someone 's plans or efforts . 	an act of hindering someone 's plans or efforts . 	622
Fool or hoax -LRB- someone -RRB- . 	fool or hoax . 	623
raising the stakes or bet of a game by a factor of 2 	raising the stakes in a card game by a factor of 2 . 	624
The -LRB- period of -RRB- control of a country by military forces of a foreign power . 	the control of a country by military forces of a foreign power . 	625
-LRB- computer science -RRB- the occurence of an incorrect result produced by a computer . 	-LRB- computer science -RRB- the occurrence of an incorrect result produced by a computer . 	626
give pleasure , satifaction , or happiness ; be pleasing to 	give pleasure to or be pleasing to . 	627
the soft padding under a saddle 	a soft pad placed under a saddle . 	628
elecate or idealize in allusion to Christ 's transfiguration 	elevate or idealize , in allusion to Christ 's transfiguration . 	629
inability of the heart to pump blood to sustain life functions 	inability of the heart to pump enough blood to sustain normal bodily functions . 	630
cause to vibrate in a different pattern 	cause to vibrate in a definite pattern . 	631
warn or call to a sense of preparedness 	warn or arouse to a sense of danger or call to a state of preparedness . 	632
Adapt oneself to new or different conditions . 	adapt or conform oneself to new or different conditions . 	633
move faster , or cause to move faster 	cause to move faster . 	634
Supply food ready to eat , as for parties and banquets . 	supply food ready to eat ; for parties and banquets . 	635
express protest or dissent , raise an objection 	express or raise an objection or protest or criticism or express dissent . 	636
clear mucus from one 's throat 	clear mucus or food from one 's throat . 	637
pass into a state or condition 	pass into a specified state or condition . 	638
add embellishments -LRB- to medieval manuscripts -RRB- 	add embellishments and paintings to -LRB- medieval manuscripts -RRB- . 	639
make or become thick 	make thick or thicker . 	640
move or execute very quickly or hastily 	run or move very quickly or hastily . 	641
hurt , feel physical pain 	feel physical pain . 	642
tell or spread rumors ; say 	tell or spread rumors . 	643
throw with force or recklessness ; cast away 	throw with force or recklessness . 	644
return to in thought or speech 	return in thought or speech to something . 	645
Try to cure by special care or treatment , of an illness or injury ; treat carefully . 	try to cure by special care of treatment , of an illness or injury . 	646
a sweeping cut with a sharp instrument 	a strong sweeping cut made with a sharp instrument . 	647
Any address at which one dwells more than temporarily . 	any address at which you dwell more than temporarily . 	648
BOTANY -- the usually underground organ of a plant that lacks buds or leaves or nodes , which absorbs water and mineral salts ; usually it anchors the plant to the ground . 	-LRB- botany -RRB- the usually underground organ that lacks buds or leaves or nodes ; absorbs water and mineral salts ; usually it anchors the plant to the ground . 	649
Reproduce or make an exact copy of ; make , do , or perform again . 	reproduce or make an exact copy of . 	650
pass -LRB- a thread -RRB- through or into , on or as if on a string 	thread on or as if on a string . 	651
Engrave by means of dots . 	engrave by means of dots and flicks . 	652
have a strong desire to do something 	have a strong desire or urge to do something . 	653
be relevant or pertinent 	be pertinent or relevant or applicable . 	654
indicate contempt by breathing noisily and forcefully through the news 	indicate contempt by breathing noisily and forcefully through the nose . 	655
become aware of through the senses 	to become aware of through the senses . 	656
cause to be alert or energetic 	cause to be alert and energetic . 	657
Remove by erasing or crossing out , as if by drawing a line through . 	remove by erasing or crossing out or as if by drawing a line . 	658
cook slowly for a long time in liquid 	cook slowly and for a long time in liquid . 	659
the temperature at which a liquid boils , bubbles 	the temperature at which a liquid boils at sea level . 	660
Make a map of ; show or establish the features or details of ; explore or survey for the purposes of making a map . 	make a map of ; show or establish the features of details of . 	661
The social force that binds one to the courses of action demanded by that force . 	the social force that binds you to the courses of action demanded by that force . 	662
Avoid or try to avoid fulfilling , answering , or performing . 	avoid or try to avoid fulfilling , answering , or performing -LRB- duties , questions , or issues -RRB- . 	663
Lead someone in the wrong direction -LRB- physically -RRB- ; give wrong spatial directions . 	lead someone in the wrong direction or give someone wrong directions . 	664
maintain , assert , or claim 	maintain or assert . 	665
Improve by restoring to a previous or better condition . 	restore to a previous or better condition . 	666
make accessible to some action , influence , or condition 	expose or make accessible to some action or influence . 	667
Approach a limit as the number of terms increases without limit ; specifically a mathematical term . 	approach a limit as the number of terms increases without limit . 	668
The stiching that forms the rim of a shoe or boot . 	the stitching that forms the rim of a shoe or boot . 	669
put under the control of the federal government 	put under the control and authority of a federal government . 	670
Manual stimulation fo the genital area for sexual pleasure . 	manual stimulation of the genital area for sexual pleasure . 	671
equip with a fuse 	equip with a fuse ; provide with a fuse . 	672
end of the American Revolution 	the successful ending of the American Revolution . 	673
-LRB- mathematics -RRB- The smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number . 	the smallest whole number or a numeral representing this number . 	674
stimulating or demanding factors of a situation 	a demanding or stimulating situation . 	675
A physical portion of all or part of a natural object that is collected and preserved as an example of its class or total . 	all or part of a natural object that is collected and preserved as an example of its class . 	676
Amplify an electron current by causing part of the power on the output circuit to act upon the input circuit . 	amplify -LRB- an electron current -RRB- by causing part of the power in the output circuit to act upon the input circuit . 	677
A human utters words loudly and forcefully . 	utter words loudly and forcefully . 	678
oppose with equal weight or force 	contrast with equal weight or force . 	679
-LRB- Cause to -RRB- strike the air in flight . 	strike the air in flight . 	680
Preserve in a tin or jar . 	preserve in a can or tin . 	681
a chain of atoms in a molecule forming a closed loop 	-LRB- chemistry -RRB- a chain of atoms in a molecule that forms a closed loop . 	682
make the surface level or smooth 	make the surface of level or smooth . 	683
Impress or affect deeply -LRB- emotionally -RRB- . 	impress or affect deeply . 	684
Supply with a constant flow of some liquid , for the purpose of cooling , cleansing , or disinfecting . 	supply with a constant flow or sprinkling of some liquid , for the purpose of cooling , cleansing , or disinfecting . 	685
disregard , fail to attend to 	fail to attend to . 	687
make a short , sharp sound 	make a sharp sound . 	688
connect or fasten into a chain by linking 	connect or arrange into a chain by linking . 	689
beat thoroughly in a competition or fight 	beat thoroughly and conclusively in a competition or fight . 	690
Look through a book or some other written material -LRB- for information -RRB- . 	look through a book or other written material . 	691
state of being active 	the state of being active . 	692
-LRB- theology -RRB- the act of deliving from sin or saving from evil . 	-LRB- theology -RRB- the act of delivering from sin or saving from evil . 	693
declare or make unfit or unsuitable 	make unfit or unsuitable . 	694
Cook on a hot surface using fat ; cook in oil . 	cook on a hot surface using fat . 	695
Improve by pruning or polishing 	improve or perfect by pruning or polishing . 	696
An area that is central within some larger region . 	an area that is approximately central within some larger region . 	697
start suddenly , as if from fright 	start suddenly , as from fright . 	698
Be larger in number , quantity , power , status , or importance , without personally having sovereign power . 	be larger in number , quantity , power , status or importance . 	699
Give oneself entirely to a specific person , activity , or cause . 	give entirely to a specific person , activity , or cause . 	700
the finger next to the thumb , forefinger 	the finger next to the thumb . 	701
put up with something or someone -LRB- unpleasant -RRB- 	put up with something or somebody unpleasant . 	702
role or function of the head of a government department 	the role of the head of a government department . 	703
consider again , usually with a view to changing 	consider again ; give new consideration to ; usually with a view to changing . 	704
drive at an excessive or illegal velocity 	travel at an excessive or illegal velocity . 	705
an air force military unit , smaller than a squadron 	an air force unit smaller than a squadron . 	706
the act of giving someone a job , hiring someone 	the act of giving someone a job . 	707
the act of annoying someone or something 	the act of troubling or annoying someone . 	708
Droop , sink , or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness ; become less intense . 	droop , sink , or settle from or as if from pressure or loss of tautness . 	709
Cite as an authority ; resort to -LRB- as in an argument -RRB- . 	cite as an authority ; resort to . 	710
Allocate or dedicate ; set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use . 	set aside or apart for a specific purpose or use . 	711
make out of components -LRB- in an improvising manner -RRB- 	make out of components -LRB- often in an improvising manner -RRB- . 	712
rehearse , learn by repetition 	learn by repetition . 	713
Intend something to move toward a certain goal 	intend -LRB- something -RRB- to move towards a certain goal . 	714
register formally as a participant 	register formally as a participant or member . 	715
write as if with print , not in cursive 	write as if with print ; not cursive . 	716
shoot down birds 	shoot down , of birds . 	717
appoint to clerical posts 	appoint to a clerical posts . 	718
-LRB- Chemistry -RRB- Undergo sequestration by forming a stable compound with an ion . 	undergo sequestration by forming a stable compound with an ion . 	719
Furnish with an opening to allow air to circulate or gase to escape . 	furnish with an opening to allow air to circulate or gas to escape . 	720
Stand with arms or forelegs raised , as of menacing . 	stand with arms or forelegs raised , as if menacing . 	721
accounting period of 12 months 	any accounting period of 12 months . 	722
Convert the genetic information in a strand of DNA into a strand of RNA . 	convert the genetic information in -LRB- a strand of DNA -RRB- into a strand of RNA , especially messenger RNA . 	723
give a thrashing to , beat 	give a thrashing to ; beat hard . 	724
Immerse or be immersed in a boiling liquid , for purposes of cooking or processing . 	immerse or be immersed in a boiling liquid , often for cooking purposes . 	725
Supply with water for crops , as with channels , ditches , or streams . 	supply with water , as with channels or ditches or streams . 	726
The period of time during which a leasing contract is in effect . 	the period of time during which a contract conveying property to a person is in effect . 	727
Protect or strengthen with sandbags . 	protect or strengthen with sandbags ; stop up . 	728
travel ; make a tour of a place 	make a tour of a certain place . 	729
the political head of city government 	the head of a city government . 	730
pass the tongue over , take up with the tongue 	take up with the tongue . 	731
A city on the River Thames in Bershire , southern England 	a city on the River Thames in Berkshire in southern England . 	732
a chart or map showing the dimensions , movements or progress of something 	a chart or map showing the movements or progress of an object . 	733
Take away a vital or essential part of something . 	take away a vital or essential part of . 	734
An imperfection ; the quality of being inadequate or falling short . 	the quality of being inadequate or falling short of perfection . 	735
Pat or squeeze , especially under the chin . 	pat or squeeze fondly or playfully , especially under the chin . 	736
make up something fictional or untrue 	make up something artificial or untrue . 	737
the act of swallowing liquid 	the act of swallowing . 	738
have unlawful sex with a prostitute 	have unlawful sex with a whore . 	739
Reverse the winding or twisting of ; separate the tangles of . 	reverse the winding or twisting of . 	740
Reimburse or compensate -LRB- someone -RRB- , as for a loss or sacrifice . 	reimburse or compensate -LRB- someone -RRB- , as for a loss . 	741
sharpen a razor with a strap 	sharpen with a strap . 	742
the longer telegraphic signal of Morse Code 	the longer of the two telegraphic signals used in Morse code . 	743
The part of the body between the neck and upper arm , or any of its subparts . 	the part of the body between the neck and the upper arm . 	744
Rain , hail , or snow hard and be very windy , often with thunder and lightning ; blow hard . 	rain , hail , or snow hard and be very windy , often with thunder or lightning . 	745
fill with high spirits 	fill with high spirits ; fill with optimism . 	746
The release of pressure built up during a stop consonant . 	the terminal forced release of pressure built up during the occlusive phase of a stop consonant . 	747
-LRB- cause to -RRB- fall in drops 	let or cause to fall in drops . 	748
The status of being champion . 	the status of being a champion . 	749
Draw advantages from ; take advantage . 	draw advantages from . 	750
